bottle up the pain
let it rain and wash away
let it carry you to a better place
don't forget my name
my mind often wonders back
to the kids that we used to be
what's left?
nothing but memories
a shell of who you used to be
is this a consequence of never chasing dreams?
slowly you're sinking
locked in a cage, no way to breathe
you bottle up the pain
did it have to be this way?
let it rain and wash away
i'm reaching out and its all for you
bottle up the pain
let it rain and wash away
let it carry you to a better place
don't forget my name
i'm wishing for a change that never came
i'll rewrite the past so you will never be replaced
and i know your hands were tied
your fate was set, put on your bravest smile
now do we have to look back?
i'm reaching out and its all for you
i still remember
i remember the night you called it's all for you
i felt the warmth in your voice
you were happy, i was happy for you it's all for you
i've come to terms with letting go
had time to think things through
dear friend, i'll live this life for two
and i'll sing this song for you
all for you i'm reaching out and it's all for you
all for you i'm reaching out and it's all for you
bottle up the pain
let it rain and wash away
let it carry you to a better place
don't forget my name

broken bones and shattered teeth
memories still haunting me, the past never changes
holding faith within my hands, all alone inside our heads
will this pain last forever?
never being good enough is all we've ever known, all we're ever told
it's the melancholy in our soul lost and alone, in a place so far from home

just a kid with nowhere to go, nowhere to run, no one to hold
and it seems, no matter where we go this empty feeling will always be our home. never being good is all we've ever known, it just goes to show that apologies are nothing more than empty words

never being good enough is all we've ever known, all we're ever told
it's the melancholy in our soul lost and alone, in a place so far from home
broken bones and shattered teeth
memories still haunting me, the past never changes

all alone again inside my head, melancholy haunting me
this won't last forever

never being good enough is all we've ever known, all we're ever told
it's the melancholy in our soul lost and alone, in a place so far from home
broken bones and shattered teeth
memories still haunting me, the past never changes
holding faith within my hands, all alone inside our heads
this won't last forever

dear mother, things are changing
are you beginning to lose hope?
approaching for so long, how will we stay afloat?
i've been holding on to my breath
but i'm starting to cave in
and you're starting to realize
that we're sick, that we're broken
we both act tough, but were so soft spoken
you thought we were stronger than you
i hope you know i could never, i could never blame you
but all my life have i been taught to run away?
to block out the pain
we don't have to fade away
block out the pain
with anything, with everything
with all the pills you were swallowing
the endless times you'd drive away
just hoping you'd forget the pain
but the same blood runs through my veins
but the same blood runs through my veins
but the same blood runs through my veins
and now i know, we don't have to fade away

another day spent wasted, another year passed me by
listening to old sad songs to get me through the night
staring at the walls, wondering where i went wrong
my last light just burned out and i'm left with the darkness again
but still, i can't seem to find importance in anything
i'm still waiting for the day when i'll fit into my own skin
now i'm even struggling to connect with my own friends
until i make a change, the weight i carry will just soak in
i'm getting old, my life's been wasted
another bottle to my mouth, the days aren't changing
i'm getting old, my life's been wasted
another bottle to my mouth, it echoes and bleeds out
i'm fed up of drowning in my own self-pity
tired, i'm useless, fragile and worthless
am i slowly drowning? i keep telling myself i am
am i slowly drowning? i keep telling myself i am
another day spent wasted, another year passed me by
listening to old sad songs to get me through the night
staring at the walls, wondering where i went wrong
my last light just burned out, it's just me in the darkness again
it's just me in the darkness again
it echoes and bleeds out
it surrounds me
it echoes and bleeds out
and holds me down
it echoes and bleeds out
it surrounds me
it echoes and bleeds out
i'm getting old, my life's been wasted
another bottle to my mouth, the days aren't changing
i'm getting old, my life's been wasted
another bottle to my mouth, it echoes and bleeds out
it echoes and bleeds out

not so often now do i feel the cold that's so familiar,
come creeping back on lonely nights.
it feels as if i'm slowly taking control.
but then again, who knows?
am i even in control?
over and over again,
why is it that when i'm moving forward,
i'm pulled into the wrong direction?
as i lose myself, i start to trace my steps.
i can't do this again.
i'm fucking sick of feeling like i need to prove myself,
what is it that i'm even trying to prove?
i need some closure, i need to move forward.
i need to prove to myself i'm not that fragile boy i once was.
but your name is pulling me down.
with the weight of four years, pulling me down.
i thought i was past this.
but surely, i'm not so sure.
i thought i was past this.
i thought i was past this.
i want to throw it away, but it can't end this way.
i thought i'd broken these chains, but it will always remain.
now rest my tired eyes.
i need a rest from my fucking mind.
i'm fucking sick of feeling like i need to prove myself,
what is it that i'm even trying to prove?
i need some closure, i need to move forward.
i need a rest from my fucking mind.
i'm fucking sick of feeling like i need to prove myself.
it's time to rest my tired eyes.

slipping through the cracks
stab myself in the back
motivation lacks
to keep your feet down on the tracks
lost your purpose down the rabbit hole
the bags under my eyes don't have much room to hold
more baggage, can you stand it?
is your carriage crash landing again?
this cloud ran out of rain
i want to feel something
even if its pain
does it all feel the same?
left or right lane
we're swerving the wrong way
you're digging deeper
collision
toward the keeper
blurred vision
you're digging deeper
decisions
i'm digging deeper
division
lost your purpose down the rabbit hole
the bags under my eyes don't have much room to hold
more baggage, can you stand it?
is your carriage crash landing again?
this cloud ran out of rain
i want to feel something
even if its pain
does it all feel the same?
left or right lane
we're swerving the wrong way
we're always the wrong way
you take a hold of me
left your soul for me
fall asleep and
fall behind and

i look back on the years, can't pretend to forget
a picture, lost progress, i wonder how you've been
your laugh and your smile, while i'm losing sleep lost inside my head
tell me you're passed this, it's over and you've moved on
because i can't explain why the past few years were meaningless
forgive me, i did everything that i could
forgive me, i wish you saw it from where i stood
i've read over the words that you left in my head
a look on your face i could never forget
i know it's been a while, i still live in denial
nowhere to be found when you needed a friend
couldn't handle the pressure i started to cave in
so i told myself that you were fine
tell me you're passed this, it's over and you've moved on
because i can't explain why the past few years were meaningless
forgive me, i did everything that i could
forgive me, i wish you saw it from where i stood
i've read over the words that you left inside my head
and i stayed up all night trying to ease the pain, but nothing changes
i punish myself and fall into a wretched whim
the guilt that burns inside my chest, the memories they freeze within
these empty picture frames, i couldn't ask for your forgiveness.
torturing these cold and lonely nights. i couldn't ever apologize.
i can't escape. how could i ask for your forgiveness?
i suffocate from outside in. how could i ever apologize?
i punish myself
i called for help, they took you away
forgive me, please forgive me
i punish myself with each passing day
let the tears fall from your eyes as you fade away

blue sky, black road only three days left to go
false circumstance falls from my head, leads me to this place
no sleep tonight, another eighteen hour drive
but luckily it's not just me, hopeful kids we're young and free

ignite the flame and hold on for dear life
wielding the torch of the dream burning bright
with such a long road to get there

blue sky, black road only two days left to go
beneath the stars, beside the sea, friends next to me
sky high cliff jumps, i think it's time to get fucked up
the things we do just to feel alive

so we will sing, until we're the last ones standing
so we will sing, until we're the last ones singing
so we will sing, until we're the last ones breathing
so we will sing, no regrets will fucking reach me

blue sky, black road only one day left to go
the tide is calling, im still free falling
when i am old, fragile, worn and beaten
no regrets will fucking reach me

worthwhile memories, we remain the young and free
we're young and free

maybe i dove further down this hole
to lose control
chasing rainbows
cathartic thoughts escaping
calloused below
witness the words erase me

bury the difference in my sleep
pray for the world to keep

lost in disguise
taken for granted
open your eyes
break the enchantment
still life, still life
deeper you dive

mountains don't run from the rain
colour won't return to grey
antagonist taking shape
blood rushing to my brain

lost in disguise
taken for granted
open your eyes
break the enchantment

lost in disguise
you fantasize
open your eyes
before you capsize
before you capsize

this small glimpse of light that used to be my life
so visible in this darkness burning bright

i was weighed down by nothing
but i was weighed down by everything

an average morning converted me to light
the sound of that plane still roars inside
i was no one to myself, no one to others
i passed away without saying i love you to my mother

i had so much to live for
so much room to grow
people who adored me
and a love filled home

but i was always blinded
blinded by myself
and its hard to be reminded
until the time left expires

no expression, no closure, no meaning..
alone in a space where no one can hear me
im forced to look down at the people i took for granted
struggling, suffering.. they genuinely need me

i had so much to live for
so much room to grow
people who adored me
and a love filled home

but i was always blinded
blinded by myself
and its hard to be reminded
until the time left expires

and i keep asking myself
where did i go wrong?

now im just space
and i am nothing
i am the air around you.
and im so sorry..

free falling, im spiralling down,
theres no more stops until i hit the ground
i can see the surface., i can see the sky
i can see the sun thats burning my eyes
free falling, im spiralling down,
theres no more stops until i hit the ground
im laughing, im smiling, im questioning
i know il soon open my eyes from this dream
the wind blows open pages
and the world places pens
for free minds to embrace
a start, a middle and an end
transparent thoughts and open minds
absorbing space, absorbing time
forcing the moments that il never forget
free falling, im spiralling down,
theres no more stops until i hit the ground
i can see the surface., i can see the sky
i can see the sun thats burning my eyes
free falling, im spiralling down,
theres no more stops until i hit the ground
im laughing, im smiling, im questioning
i know il soon open my eyes from this dream
warm light shines through the window
the light for my new day
to lift my dreams into reality
free falling through my life
free falling my own way
where i'i land is where i'l lay
the time til then is hard to say.
when the wind is causing me to sway
through my life, my own way
my dreams to reality
i'm free falling, im spiralling down,
theres no more stops until i hit the ground
i can see the surface., i can see the sky
i can see the sun thats burning my eyes
free falling, im spiralling down,
theres no more stops until i hit the ground
im laughing, im smiling, im questioning
i know il soon open my eyes from this dream - and il be free
so its that time of day
when the sunset puts the earth to sleep
the world becomes quiet
and our bodies become weak
the moonlight pulls the tide
it pulls my thoughts
it drags my reality, back into dreams.
a cycle on repeat.

theres no way to describe how vulnerable you are against the world
feeling cornered by these expectations
no motivation, we keep tracing backwards
giving up and finding desperation fills our lungs
but we wont get lost, no we wont get lost
all it takes is one step forward
your path is your own foot steps
your future's in your hands
the signs to find your own way
will always be in front of you
here at the point of unknown possibility
will you choose to live your life, held back by barriers
the world around you is on your side
things can get better if you try, things will get better if you try.
your life, your choices
your future's in your hands
surround yourself with those that keep you in the state of mind
that living positive will make a change
follow the sound of my voice
can you block out the noise of every regretful choice?
here in the pure air, away from cold death stares
lets move forward, stay on track
be strong, never looking back..

i used to think that i was nothing, that i was wasting my time
but the truth is embracing your reflection
acceptance, our weakness, we can be stronger now
i don't, i don't want to live in a world full of broken promises and fucking misery
i don't, i don't want to be surrounded by those who bring me down
i'll leave you all behind
this is serenity, this is my everything, this is my place to be
i will, i will not leave until i have been my everything.
the truth is embracing your reflection
acceptance our weakness, we can be stronger now
it's time to stand up proud and be honest with myself
i want to live, i want to breathe
i used to think that i was nothing, that i was wasting my time
but the truth is embracing your reflection
acceptance, our weakness, i can be stronger now

trying to survive in a lonely world
the peaks are cold, and the valleys low
steady rate to dissipate
it all gave way
city streets and parking lots
it's the same old scene in the same old spot
but when the stars come out, i think right back to home
that's me
well i'm that long lost son
home is where the heart is, somewhere i went wrong
i want back, so bad
i've lived, lost, and loved
days change, but the patterns stay the same
alive
is what i tell myself
cold hands, a heavy heart, sweat on my brow
living life like i know how
oh the pain to start home right now
when this world gets dark like hell
i try and tell myself:
i'm alive and well
that's me
well i'm that long lost son
home is where the heart is, somewhere i went wrong
i want back, so bad
i've lived, lost, and loved
days change, but the patterns stay the same
and it feels like i'm in a fistfight for my whole life
i want to change the world!
what good is it if man gained the whole world, but lost his soul?
unlovable
come home!
now i'll hold my head high
i'll take it all on
i'll let my light shine until glorious dawn
this fistfight i called my life is now the reason i stay alive
i'm not fixed, but i'm found
breathe in
breathe out
stay strong
it's what i tell myself
these scars stay close
they try to remind
to smile back, it's in the past, i left it all behind
breathe in
breathe out
stay strong
it's what i tell myself
these scars stay close
they try to remind
to smile back, it's in the past, i left it all behind
i'm loved, i'm alive
i'm loved, i'm alive
i'm loved, i'm alive
i'm loved, i'm alive
breathe in
breathe out
stay strong
i tell this to myself
breathe in
breathe out
i'm loved, i'm alive
i'm loved, i'm alive
i'm loved, i'm alive

sleepy harbor town
quiet. calm. it's a nightmare
nothing's right. it's all wrong
fog blankets the streets, just like your sheets that numbingly put you to sleep
chimneys poke through trees that have lost all their leaves due to cold winter freeze
you give a blank stare into that deep sea, recite your prayer, then fall asleep in this nightmare
a slave to the mundane
doors locked from the inside
this lazy lullaby makes one day bleed into the next
candlelight flickers on your grandfather clock face
the secondhand ticks down your days
tick tock, your wristwatch won't stop
these years pass by in a blaze
lone tree cemetery lies across the street
wise is he who ventures these forbidden things
in that dirt lie beggars and kings
an odd figure holds a lantern
shines it into mysteries
the ghost of yet to come shows you a hurting world...just like today, nothing's changed
the flame shines on a stone with your name, two dates, and the phrase here lies a waster of days.
don't carry such a terrible thing into eternity
the wind bids you through open window out onto the sea
you can handle so much more than you think
the breeze fills the sail and the soul, taking you to adventures yet told
the whisper of wisdom dances with your curtains
run away with me
never despise the days of small beginnings
she whispers, godspeed
the thunder. the waves. a compass. a stowaway
give thanks for clear sky and the tempest
calm seas never shaped the greatest
leave that town behind, change your fate
the flame shines on a stone with your name, two dates, and the phrase here lies a chaser of waves.

i want to change the world, so scared to change myself
old world. old tricks
why can't you speak cobblestone and bricks?
a tall tale told from within jail
gold, lust, crooked politics
virtue and vice. men and mice
we sail to the edge to find paradise
but this world can't be flat
i feel it, it's spinning out of control

born and raised in a special place
our bridge, windmills, and the naval base
sit still, breathe in the pacific's grace
it's home, my prison, and my escape
born and raised in a special place
it's my home, prison, my escape

i want to change the world
so scared to change myself
so scared to change myself
i ask for strength
instead getting struggle every day
i set my sights in to the sky then realize it's falling on all of us

too young to realize some things just can't be done
relentless, do it anyway
fly high. straight at the sun
that shadow of death took her father, his friend, and i can see that it wants me
it will have to catch up
i'll die, chasing after my dreams

the old gentleman was a student to the very end
chased every thought in every book on every shelf in all the world
he saw it all
war and peace, wealth and need, love and loss, pride and death
and i'll never forget what this wise man told me
the most brutal teacher of all is experience, you'll see
but in return, you learn, my god do you learn

i want you to see you are rich poetry
an artist's favorite, unique, messy masterpiece
magnificent songs in a genius symphony
so play your role in this whole story

too young to realize some things just can't be done
relentless, do it anyway
fly high straight at the sun
that shadow of death took her father, his friend, and i can see that it wants me
it will have to catch up
i'll die chasing after my dreams

fading candlelight. a little ink in the pen. a page remains
after all this time, i'm still amazed. we fall for the same things over and over again
the past has a way of clawing back into our day
rips and tears into our hearts and we keep repeating history

i got my mother's eyes. and my father's work
i wonder what our sons and daughters will have of ours
i hope it's not my pride, lies, or lack of remorse
please let it be only the best in me, however little it may seem

the scariest thing is not dying before you reach your dreams
but reaching them and still feeling dead
live your life in light of history and eternity
death can teach us how to live our lives with clarity

life flies by in the blink of an eye
did you rise in these days? or did you fall for old lies?
in the end, chin high. stare death in its eye
tell it you lived for something more than your own life

the scariest thing is not dying before you reach your dreams
but reaching them and still feeling dead
live your life in light of history and eternity
death can teach us how to live our lives with clarity

to my little one, someday
you have my heart forever. i am with you always
these songs i wrote for you. please learn from my mistakes
my eyes have yet to see paradise, though this world tried to convince me otherwise
when i'm gone please keeps my words close to your heart and carry on
keep your faith. fix your eyes. the one who sees you to the bottom loves you to the skies
tear a hole in the sky, bring heaven to earth, make the world's collide. make the world's collide
we all die young, but death, where is your sting?
like johnny said, ain't no grave gonna hold your body down. godspeed

son, you're my song
let's hear something beautiful
as you look upon your messy masterpiece
my heart beats one step ahead of my feet

"no guilt in life, no fear in death
from life's first cry to final breath
no power of hell, no scheme of man
can ever pluck me from my father's hand."

love of the father is the only hope for a wayward son
blood and water paved the painful road home done
grace and mercy come with every single morning dawn
this heavenly heartbeat is the only reason i can carry on

kid, see yourself through your father's eyes
it's not the same shade as the world cries

i confess i don't know much about love
where it's from is just so high above
but until my time arrives, love is the reason i'm alive

son, you're my song
let's hear something beautiful
as you look upon your messy masterpiece
my heart beats one step ahead of my feet

amherst, new hampshire
a daughter, the eldest of five
your nose in a book. your quiet years
had your own idea of what your life would look like
and now you're 18. your life changed
left home, out west for the golden state
met your love. had us three boys
your life's painting was becoming a masterpiece
with a steady hand and a tender touch
a colorful mind. a creative heart
you began painting my favorite piece
hanging in our dining room, that european landscape
your life is artistic. gorgeous inside and out
you catch the world's eye that falls for only the surface
a picture is worth a thousand words. here are a few of yours:
selfless, joyful, gracious, smart, beautiful
we share our brown eyes. look on the upside
you gave me my smile and my music mind
you pray every morning. laugh everyday
work hard into evening. you'd rather paint the town
than sleep. unlike 
dorian gray
, mother, you age with grace. every year you somehow grow into more of a masterpiece
with a steady hand and a tender touch
a colorful mind. a creative heart
you're the heartbeat of this family. in a dark world
you shine mother of pearl. now i'm just trying
to find a girl half of who you are
everyday i admire your painting
i'm so grateful god gave you to me
you color this world to make it look
like what your heart imagines it should be
your mark on our lives is never ending
true beauty is awe-inspiring
when god takes you home
all i want is your unfinished painting

ground is always there to catch my fall
i get up
try to hold my own, but feeling all alone
i sank at such a quiet and young age
innocence was stripped away
as a kid, i was forced to grow up in a single day

hoping
praying
wishing
dreaming of something to save me

i lose my fear in the sound of the melody
how sweet the sound
i wanna live, i wanna breathe
i want my chin up not down on my knees
the longer the shore, the greater the awe
oceans belong to those who dream

and we find, you and i, in this balance above sea, below sky
never could i tell you what music means to my life
it's like trying to describe a sunrise
as words bleed to skin, it shows it makes a difference
i feel alive in the sound of the melody

my hope, is that the best is still ahead
cause there's so much more road to pave
my love, the selfless plunge i take through your gracious wave
i want it to be all i gave
my life, good and bad, is all i have
i'll take it to my grave

a warm summer sunrise
her eyes met his
love at first sight
not what it seems
love blossomed but ends suicide
his charm was like a spell
disarmed, she follows to a cell
oh burning love, oh loving hate
cause' she doesn't want this
but in this place there's no escape
our tragedy continues
with a beating and a rape
"is this heaven, or is it hell?
i'm drowning in these sheets"
she thinks loves such a heavy
burden do i sink
he sells her all night
from man after men
locks the door, hides the key
do you love me
he says yes
but his actions speak differently
she stripped of love
they buy her cheap
he lies, pockets the dime
actions is the only thing that
speaks in situations like these
you take so much
but give so little
"never was a story of more woe
than that of juliet & her romeo."
he takes her downtown, buys her a red dress
branded.
 walks the boulevard
stranded, mascara's all a mess
there's no escape except in her dreams
so often she relives
the horror in her sleep
business is good
sex sells, supply is cheap
demand is high
and justice is blind
scared, careless, or a lie
while these buyers and sellers
live in a fool's paradise
a single suicide, a true tragedy
not how the story goes
romeo watches with apathy
"these violent delights have violent ends
these violent delights have such violent ends."
"hello can you hear me?
my actions speak differently
"i'm sorry, really. you're worth
more than sex and money
i am no fool. i know that means nothing to you"
my inactivity screams
my words are untrue

my castle sits high above the clouds for all to see
i don't want to brag. but if father were still here, he'd be proud to say the least
my kingdom lies low, below my gates, beneath my feet
i know brother is down there looking up at me with jealousy
i'm the older one of my father's sons. the lovable, deserving one. look at all i've done
brother, the difference between you and i is that i've worked skin to bone for my whole life
you stole your share. i slaved for mine. saw you walk away, left this family behind
you binged. you roamed. but all that old man remembered was dirty broke you coming home
i'm glad he died. i took over and did things right
why am i cold inside? been years since dance and music brightened these walls
my failures haunt me. my screams echo down the dark empty halls
every success i've built this tower on lifts me further away from everyone
i wish i could buy love; all i can afford is lust
drunk on myself, but this liquor's never strong enough. gained the world. lost my soul
alone, i sit and rot in this whitewashed tomb. i hate how he forgave you
i wish it was me by his side at his death. but i couldn't stand you, so i left
i wondered why my people live in fear. no one names their sons after me
father now i see...cause you led like our servant. i lead a tyranny
i'm not fit for a king. i wish you were still here to run things
i wish you were here to tell me that you loved me
father, if you spoke today, i think you'd say, "i love you both just the same
nothing you could ever do can change that or take it away. come back to me."
i tried to keep you close, but i got in-between
the cure to this world is found in humility
the lowest man is he who thinks he's higher than the rest
forget yourself. live humbly. forget yourself. live humbly

carry on kid!

early spring. 1990
i'll never change. i'm an evergreen tree
a brother and a son
nothing i did to be called a loved one
in my sunday's best, i tried to sing with my soul
desperately trying to fill this hole in my chest
a puddle of sweat where i can see myself
i know there's no time to pretend to be something else

my life is caught up in these feet and eyes
my heart beats to find the tune to these distant skies
no seasons for me. i'm the middle c
evergreen. no dissonance, just clean
no seasons for me

carry on kid

a masterpiece which i just call a mess
i look ahead to respect the process
you live. you learn. you reap what you sow
i'll plant my roots. i'll stay and i'll grow

late one night, i compounded the elements
they boil and smoke in the glass
i knew well i risked death
for this drug would control the very fortress of who i am
i drank the potion from the flask
and admire myself in the mirror
for i felt a god in my own skin
a cure to keep me on top of the world
to free me from the reality i'm in

i awoke in the morning, with a slumbering conscience
my creation waits upon the shelf
double the dose
so, begins the struggle of man vs. self
my every act, and every thought
consumed by this drink
my reflection the window, thin and pale, crooked grin
i could barely recognize him
i'd become a stranger in my own skin

i have an angel on my shoulder
and a demon on the other
whispering in my ears
i only hear what i want to hear
i am my doctor and my patient
and now my remedy became my enemy
with the same craving i sought to flee reality
it seems this high is doing
the same thing right back to me

this old medicine has let the demons in
"but there ain't no bottle in all the world
like that dear little bottle of mine."

back alley existence. what have i become?
a wash-up, a has-been
my head hung low in a gutter's puddle
i saw a monster in my own skin

i was not consuming something
something was consuming me
i wish i would have been content, before this all began
i threw it all away
i destroyed. didn't create
here's the journal of a mad scientist's end
here then, as i to lay down the pen
and proceeded to seal up my confession
i bring the life of an unhappy man, to an end

those who cry out sink to the floor
the silent stand tall, but usually hurt more
"'tis true my form is something odd
but blaming me is blaming god;
could i create myself anew
i would not fail in pleasing you
if i could reach from pole to pole
or grasp the ocean with a span
i would be measured by the soul;
the mind's the standard of the man."

i see so many with confidence and shine
do you feel like me?
let me look in your eyes so i can see
if your heart burns just like mine

don't bury what you hide from
we apply to overcome
my tight rope turned
to this train wreck. undone

i came a long way from home
just to find i lost my way
and now the path back seems a lot longer
than it did when i came
everything and everyone is so different around me
or maybe i'm the one who's changed

something keeps this tired heart going
it's in the darkest times, we find ourselves growing
the mind's the standard of the man
i surround myself with those who remind me of who i am

after 5 years of fighting this
one autumn took on more meaning for us
psalm 23
 below the stairs
around old photos, but your face will disappear
earnest prayers and heartfelt tears
on the field that night. they graced our ears
your waves through the passenger window
meant more than a simple goodbye
winter comes, winter goes
we hold composure like weeping willows
your empty lungs and quiet heart
finally bring you peace but tear our hearts apart
"what i'd give to live our last 10 years again
i promised you i would do it so much different."
these are the serious strums of a sad song
as the sun sets, the silhouettes simplify the scene
i call it inconsistency
and oh god, give us a sunrise
let midnight turn to morning
and let me see clearly why you would let this happen to
a family
we laugh cause it hurts too much to cry
you live in memory of him
carry on kid!
and just like him live for what lasts
to become the man he saw you to be

out in the back, looking up at stars
talking about stuff much bigger than ourselves
thanks for being dad whose bags aren't packed
waiting by the door
looking for the perfect time to go
like i've seen in so many other homes
i've come to believe you breed more like yourself
as you put me to bed
i wouldn't just sleep, i'd dream
to be half the man i saw you to be
i'm proud to be your boy. i love i bring you joy
and i'm honored one day, i get to do the same
and pass on our last name

i'm proud to be your boy
and i love i bring you joy
all roads lead to roaming

but i never would have grown
if i never left home
300 miles is nothing too far
in my life you're that guiding north star
you're here when i look in the mirror
everything you give for this family
your wife and us three
you live and you love true
i can be just like you
cause father you used to be just like me

do you dare watch what a man can do to another man?
"death, be not proud."
but what you've done through the ghettos, the gas, the gun, it's clever, stole the breath of the whole crowd
"a date which will live in infamy." "we shall fight in the air, the street, the sea."
hate buries itself among the bodies and debris. straight into the hearts of the bound and the free

i want black. i want white. but all i get is gray
where is the balance between justice and grace?

no man's land. a young boy takes night watch
sees brutal and brave acts firsthand. and a body count one can't comprehend
my mind can't stomach what my heart knows is true. it's yours to avenge
so where are you god as this happens again and again?
it's no man's land cause war is hell on earth

hate becomes an old friend. rage a knot in the barrel of the gun
it's no man's land cause war is hell on earth

my heart can't stomach what my mind knows is true
an eye for an eye will never fix a feud
the open grave takes another loved one
"how shalt thou hope for mercy rendering none?"
desperate times call for desperate measures. no peace without forgiveness
but desperate men seek never-ending revenge cause forgiveness is never fair

and all the while, death smiles on

rumours of riches and gossip of gold
the roaring 20s enchant the young and the old
rush out west. try and fill your chest
as greedy as the grave. like death, never content
as you dig and you dig into that bottomless pit
he had greed in spades
at an early age, dealt a king and ace
privileged. selfish
thought he owed it to his poker face
split. hit. double down
lost himself in that paper chase
chin high. blind eyes
guess he never learned that life is grace
a guillotine fit for a king
don't build your life on such a fickle thing
the end will show it's all fool's gold
for greed, all the world is too little
october '29 headline reads "black tuesday"
a panic of wall street
this hand dealt us a 6 and 10
raise your hoover flag. surrender what you have
money talks, but never tells the truth
that it is only passing through
in gold we trust
in gold we lust
how hollow is your chest?
dust to dust
in gold we trust. in gold we lust
how hollow is your chest? dust to dust
in gold we trust. in gold we lust
how hollow is your chest? dust to dust

full hands and empty hearts
the first stay first, so the last play their parts
but the poor are treasures in this world
riches are worthless just like words with no progress

bright headlights. retreating crimson dim
i knew my place, but i see his face. where do we fit in?
next to the man who pleas with cardboard and pen?
i'll flick a coin to release my guilt
cause i don't want to think of him again

barefoot on barbed wire
through this brick wall of selfish desire
but i've got hope for this dark world
i've got hope for this dark world

every one of us has our hat in our hands
we're "catching breaks," we're catching change
we're beggars, some thieves
some take, all receive
contentment and hearts start to lift
when we see life is a gift

fingertips on piano keys
this head thinks, this heart sings
first i deadened the sounds
dissected music like a corpse
proved harmony methodically
then did i dare bring it to life with my creative fantasy
i started to compose, but quietly, until i finally reached into infinity
glory smiled on me in the hearts of men i found some resonance
enchanting notes, eternal harmonies
tenths and sixths and major lifts
but i envy deeply

a requiem for the sons of harmony

the fortune of mozart is burning me violently
i cannot write, laugh, or sleep knowing he's better off than me
i slipped poison, the world's too small for our songs and us too
if i cannot be the greatest, neither will you

rejoice with those who rejoice
weep with those who weep
may your music rise to fame and the crowds forget your name
live your own life, die your own death

swept from home to a place
that doesn't call me one of its own
time, just like the river, never flows the other way
life is just a breath, it'll take everything it gave
finding out this isn't you
i went 10,000 miles in another's shoes
this current has me scared
wide-eyed, wasting in the tide
i'm a healing scar. i have a heart
but it's beating inside a chest i keep locked
but the same blood runs through me
as every other man whose done great things
i grew when i saw every dream wouldn't come true
but for some reason i can't just sit by
i shoot for the sky
i live as if i'll never die
but i can feel that open water calling for me
the ice-cold current carries us to sea

have you ever heard that love is a metaphor?
a metaphor for the taste of the bottom
the fall to the floor
i fall to the floor

i remember me and you
i remember what you did
i remember being numb
i remember feeling sick
for the taste of the bottom, the fall to the floor
have you ever heard that love is a metaphor
for the way you failed me?
and now i'm failing you
i want you to listen very, very carefully

like the serpent's tongue
like the storm that shakes me
like the hand that beats me, until i'm black and blue
like the autumn chill
like the love that failed me
let the earth remove me
black and blue
black and blue

have you ever heard that death is a metaphor?
a metaphor for, "what if i'm not good enough?
what if i'm not strong enough?
what if i'm not kind enough for what happens next?
for what happens then?"

like the serpent's tongue
like the storm that shakes me
like the hand that beats me, until i'm black and blue
like the autumn chill
like the love that failed me
let the earth remove me
black and blue
black and blue

like the serpent's tongue
like the serpent's tongue
like the storm that shakes me
and the storm that shakes me
the hand that beats me
the hand that beats me black and blue
like the autumn chill
like the autumn chill
like the love that failed me
lo-ove, lo-ove
lo-o-ove
black and blue

there can be so much tragedy in a smile
such desperation in embrace
we all ache for a taste of humanity
as the widow for one last glimpse of her beloved's face
we all ache
we all long for security
sanctuary, belonging
what then prompts the heart of stone?
often the object of overlooked affections
to slash and burn, before the harvest reaps what was sewn
to look half-themselves in the eyes
see the scars on their skin
and continue to not pay fucking attention

like street lamps, we glow so dim
like four walls, you've shut me in
"this is a dream, and in dreams, you can do anything you darn please!"

like street lamps, we glow so dim
shattered people, shatter hopes
like four walls, you've shut me in
don't be misery's company

if only more of us would only choose to look back
contemplate those springs of youth
recollections of laughter
recall that sense of wonder, when nothing else seemed to matter
time has a funny way of coercion
tricks us into thinking that our past dreams
were only passing lunacies better scattered to the wind
lamenting, i'll never love like my first, though i've forgotten their kiss
i'll never truly be happy, though i can't remember the joys of heaven
i can't stop paying attention
i swear i'll keep remembering

like street lamps, we glow so dim
due to the shade in which we're placed
like four walls, you've shut me in
homes were never meant to be prisons

so every time i pick up a mic
i pray my words only serve to remind
this life is what we make of it
though we can feel so trapped in our own minds
from every morning's breath, we can choose
end the cycles of self abuse
i'll embrace the vulnerable
i'll embrace the broken

we can only know what we're shown, and i know that love is worth the risk
blood is thicker than the water of the womb
let me kiss the scars on your wrists
and no matter who has told you differently
you are worth everything
you are worth everything

the wind carries us home
tin cans, recycled air end the minstrels' roam
reunite body and mind
the walls left broken and crumbling
oh, but what did you expect?
gone for seasons at a time
i've closed my eyes to dream
woken to have only lost the spring
to bags, cases, and hearts on our sleeves
held them high so they could watch them bleed
held them high so you could watch them bleed
held them high so they could watch them bleed

and i wear my heart on my sleeve
so you can watch it bleed
and i wear my heart on my sleeve
so you can watch it bleed
watch it bleed
watch it bleed

from up here the land a patchwork quilt
sewn together by arthritic hands
pursuit of passion, persistent guilt
anxious for loving embrace
dissolve this ache i've felt
dissolve this ache i've felt
how could you have looked and seen anything but compassion?
left to watch alone, jealous of false attentions
you felt it in my touch, tasted it in my kiss
and still, darling, you screamed my affections were passionless
despite every example of devotion, every memory made
you still succumbed to boredom, you let the pictures fade
you let the pictures fade
you let the pictures fade

and i wear my heart on my sleeve
so you can watch it bleed
watch it bleed
watch it bleed
and i wear my heart on my sleeve
so you can watch it bleed
watch it bleed
oh

and i wear my heart on my sleeve
so you can watch it bleed
watch it bleed
watch it bleed

there sit two lovers
one's eyes intently chasing the other's
she doesn't love him any more
but he'll stick it out 'til the end
this he had sworn

lying awake in bed feeling the spot on my chest
where you used to, where you used to rest your head
lying awake in bed feeling the spot on my chest
where you used to, where you used to rest your head

you see, love's a funny thing the way, it lingers in the mind
no matter what you do or the passing of time
that ember still glows, for those lovers behind
no matter if it's well remembered, that light still shines
good times take precedent
over every incident
no matter how poorly spent
so we put on these ridiculous fronts
like we were just fooling around
our love was only childish fun
yet we know different
that it meant something to us
and that piece still lingers in each one that we've loved
so we pick up the pieces
try and make a half a whole
but in the back of our minds, there's quite a different story to be told

that love has kissed our lips
that love has touched our eyes
and no matter how sincere
love has changed our lives

they say love's a funny thing
and even if all love has flown
we'll have a few scars to proudly show
'cause at the end of our lives
we can say, "at least we tried"

lying awake in bed feeling the spot on my chest
where you used to, where you used to rest your head
lying awake in bed feeling the spot on my chest
where you used to, where you used to rest your head
lying awake in bed feeling the spot on my chest
where you used to, where you used to rest your head
lying awake in bed feeling the spot on my chest
where you used to, where you used to rest your head

"we haven't been what you call 'in love' for a while."
"did she know that?"
"she knew it first."

the butterflies i'd felt
had only begun to cut and itch
as much as you tried to hide it, i knew
you were just dying to flip your switch
taught to play dress-up, but never learned to play house
fear giving license to the words falling from your mouth

our love was lost
your heart turned cold
and that was when
i let you go
i let you go
i let you go

poking corpses and throwing blame
how could i have thought i'd be the one
to drive the demons away?
romanticism, seduced by the beauty of form
those supple lines, a familiar warmth
turned hard and cold as stone

"i've lost track of what is love and which is hate, but i'm through being your punching bag and your referee in your battleground. i'm going to help myself."

our love was lost
your heart turned cold
and that was when
i let you go

fall back to the upstairs bedroom
way back when it all just seemed
to make more sense then and fall in place
there was a time when i felt okay
i felt okay
i felt okay
i felt okay

i swear this isn't the end but i still feel so alone
even when i'm surrounded by my best friends
words can't penetrate a tree in the wind
i bend
falling faster into the depths
i'm falling, i'm falling

under such depression; i can barely even catch my breath
words can't mend, and love does not sink in
why can't i see your face?

clawing at my chest, looking for some sort of reprieve
i swear this isn't the end
but when will i feel comfortable in my own skin?
clawing at my chest, looking for some sort of reprieve
i swear this isn't the end

knowing fundamental truth doesn't seem to matter, after such tremendous abuse
'cause i've worked this ground since my youth
and still, the land has yet to bare any sort of fruit
i'll continue to toil and plough
hoping one day i'll make you proud
what have i got to show?
as i wipe the sweat from my brow

so tired, so tired of showing love so deep, that most aren't even willing to feel
see what i'm seeing, open your eyes and recognize that this is real
this season brings darkness so profound
i've become lost and can't seem to be found
contorted, racked with pain
i know i should feel free
yet i continue to sing this sad refrain
i can't sleep, and food has lost it's taste
god, i'm so sick of this place

i hear my name and i'm a long way away
and i'm touched by the hands of a brother
and like a rush, passing through my exterior
i hear my name and i'm a long way away
i hear my name, a hush
a son, loved by a father
i hear my name and i'm a long way away
i've been made alive, again
i'm alive, again

it's hard to be a realist in this world where real doesn't exist
thankfully, i much prefer to dream
in this place that we live, pointing blame, we've lost all sense of logic
nightmarish scenes on repeat
rewind

have we forgotten that we created it all?
fascinated by manipulation, seduced by power, molded the clay all wrong

what happens when we reach out and find that we're all alone?
there's something missing
what happens when we scream to the night, "is this all we know?"
is your heart listening?

the earth's bounty is rich, but children will continue to starve
while we mistake human rights for privilege, our brother as enemy, war for economy

oh, how we abuse our imaginations!
focus our ambitions selfishly
instead of dreaming together, forgiving dysfunction, to end the collective suffering

what happens when we reach out and find that we're all alone?
there's something missing
what happens when we scream to the night, "is this all we know?"
is your heart listening?

where's your love?
where's your soul?
has the whole world's blood gone cold?
where's your love?
where's your soul?
has the whole world's blood gone cold?
where's your love?
where's your soul?
has the whole world's blood gone cold?
where's your love?
has the whole world's blood gone cold?

what happens when we reach out and find that we're all alone?
there's something missing
what happens when we scream to the night, "is this all we know?"
is your heart listening?

when did our souls become so lazy?
heads in the sand to avoid the hurting
shit tends to repeat itself when we refuse to fucking learn from history

what happens when we reach out and find that we're all alone?
there's something missing

well i can't get too close without wanting all of you
so i'll settle right into this back seat
but to be honest, i'm not sure if i can take the solitude
it's been a long time running
since i sighted my first love
and this mountainside's only getting steeper
my breath's burning in my lungs
i wonder when i'm gonna catch a break
or at least be able to breathe easier
this drive is telling me to be all that i can't for her
you're not holding up your end of the bargain
but i'll continue to hold up mine
cause i've always been a betting man
and i'm dying for you to prove me right
i see the potential you have inside
maybe that's why i've continued to fight
you just can't see all that you are to me
so i'll just have to learn to be alright
without you by my side
my bed seems so much colder at night
this chill doesn't seem to be going away
so i'll acquire a taste for its bite
give these dry lips words to speak
give these dry lips words to speak
give these dry lips words to speak
give these dry lips words to speak
a wandering soul, hopeful for living springs
searching tirelessly for a well, blue and deep
from which to pull up strength, something cool to drink
there are deserts hidden deep inside you and me
come now, sit for a while and breathe
you don't have to say a thing
darling, your silence says everything
you're not holding up your end of the bargain
but i'll continue to hold up mine
cause i've always been a betting man
and i'm just dying for you to prove me right
i just want to know your story
learning, so i may love you complete
cause if we dig deep enough
there are wells hidden deep inside of you and me
you're not holding up your end of the bargain
but i'll continue to hold up mine
cause i've always been a betting man
and i'm just dying for you to prove me right

if cunning was our birthright
then falsity became our sport
beings like trellises of roses
and vines whose beauty so splendidly hid
the vicious biting of recompense
ours alone to bare and grit
self-designed deceptions
jutting out of our skin
warning all passers-by
"careful, i'm beautiful, but you won't like what's within
for while reveling in my form, you'll only bleed from my sins"
perhaps the change began in the springs of our infancy
watered with poison, stunting in its toxicity
or cutback too much in our pruning
trimmed with shaking hands, selfish neuroses
left jagged with self-loathing, insecurities
but we don't have to let it dictate

shake the death from your bones
shake the death from your bones
shake the death from your bones

shake free of the yoke, our mental oppressions
no longer frozen, the key in our possession
swing open your cell, break off that rearview
even as the tree grows out of the heart of stone
our past will not dictate how tall we will grow

shake the death from your bones
shake the death from your
shake the death from your bones

will dwelling in the negatives
ever bring about the light?
will living in the darkness
ever expose what's right?
shake the death from your bones

as i pen these things, it might literally be all i have: ink on paper
does any of this matter?
then i'm reminded of what i've seen
the places i love and the people i've been
only love could have brought me to this place
holding in me a joyful heart, while spit covers my face
i've come to forgive those, who've wronged me
knowing that they've helped make me, into
exactly who you intended me to be

i'm trying my best, to be a better man
despite all my fears, i really am
i'm trying my best, i'm trying my best
to be a better man
despite all my fears, i really am

i write these things to remind myself
that amidst this darkness
there still remains light, hope, and a perfect plan
for the first time in my life i am, writing for the sake of writing
living for the sake of living
loving for the sake of loving
and i'll live
so you can call this sort of life, a hopeless endeavour
that this tiny vessel could ever endure such violent weather
call it pointless, i'll continue to carry out grace nonetheless
i will scream it 'til my face is blue
there is a point to all of this, and it's always been you

how can we know love, when we were never shown it?

little richie was the runt of the litter, given a thick hide by father and brothers
identified more with his sisters and mother
always felt a bit different from the others
a loving marriage from the outside, but oh, how ferociously he'd hit her
richie stood by the bleach white bedside
ma' held his face in her hands while he cried
:
"hush, now, precious lamb, everything will be alright
i know how it looks but i swear he's a good man
oh baby, god has a much bigger plan
i have my family, i have my health and i'm quite content with that
"

how can you say this time that it will be alright?
how can you still look in his eyes and see the love of your life?
he works all things for good, in the end, it's love that wins
in the end, it is love
in the end, it is love! in

love was his inclination
belief, his dearest passion
a beautiful escape from resentment, fear of the next crushing blow

how can we know love when were never shown it?
he'd wait on his lonesome, for that blue hair in her station wagon
how can we know love when were never shown it?
attending those baptist services alone
in the house of the lord he found purpose and a home
richie stood on a chair, peeked over the pulpit, reminded himself and the beloved, not lacking in youthful wit
this is what's promised: he works all things for good, in the end, it's love, that wins
how are we to know how to love, when every attempt is met with the back of a hand?
it would only be love to mend the damned, who never grew to knew compassion
just another unfortunate-beaten senseless by his old man

how can you say this time that it will be alright?
how can you still look in his eyes and see the love of your life?
he works all things for good, in the end, it's love that wins!
how can we know love when were never shown it?
an heirloom passed down before its day
how can we know love when were never shown it?
legacy came violently to rip innocence away

we are all homeless in one way or another
whether we've lost ourselves to lust
inflamed passions for things desired; forgotten the other
wandering aimlessly, in love with something
that will only collect dust
or perhaps we've been led into the wilderness
by some radiant lover, just to be left out in the cold
a distant memory, and the warmth of home
what are we then to do?
'cause in the heat of bliss
we swore we would never love another
there was truth and dignity in that oath
can there be any hope for their retention, in its breaking?
that even while being disavowed, we recognize humanity
we have all made mistakes
and g-d, i've made mistakes
but my mistakes haven't made me

oh fallen acorn, lost and alone
can you still be kissed by fire, give up your seed
and spring up into a towering, mighty oak?

we've been led into the wilderness
by some radiant lover, just to be left in the cold
a distant memory, the warmth of home
'cause in the heat of bliss, we swore we would never love another
we've all made mistakes, every last one of us
and just because we've told a lie, can we not still grow to be honest?

oh fallen acorn, lost and alone
can you still be kissed by fire, give up your seed
and spring up into a towering, mighty oak?

thrown off kilter
none of us would have thought
we'd be who we are now
when we were still little
eyes wide to possibility
who could have known
that we'd witness such depravity

i still lie awake at night
dreaming, doubting, reveling
please, give my hand the words to write, 'cause i just need this off my mind
please, give my tongue the language to speak
refuse to bend to this world of blight
communication
communication, bleed from my veins to the page
unlock the capillaries
my inner securities
given a prevue to all of this pain, i'm only aching from their weight
i'm only aching from their weight
i'm only aching

and i'll sing about love, even when it's so hard to trust
still point towards compassion
though sometimes i'm scared
and i'll sing about love
and i'll sing about love, even when it's so hard to trust
still point towards compassion
though sometimes i'm scared

in truth, this is our escape as much as theirs
dancing, sweating, bleeding
passion, give my lungs the air to declare your name
'cause i've seen gardens wither in apathy and shame
seen the prevailing of frozen water over the splitting rock
the sweeping of snow o'er the plains

and l'll sing about love
and i'll sing about love, even when it's so hard to trust
still point towards compassion
though sometimes i'm scared of being touched
and l'll sing about love, even when it's so hard to trust
still point towards compassion
though sometimes i'm scared of being touched

give me strength to raise your banner
testify, not all is lost
communion, from the crowd to the stage
baptism in the rhythms
we all lose our way, we all long to be saved, we all bleed the same
we're only aching from the weight
we're only aching
give us strength
give us passion
baptism in the rhythms
give us strength
give us passion
baptism in the rhythms
give us strength
give us passion

so child, take up your courage, quiet your mind
they are only the strains of living, the vibrating of the strings
we have to learn to see the beauty in the struggle, play on when our fingers bleed
i'll take existence, in all its substance
count it all a blessing
this life will stretch and grow you
we're only aching from beating out the time
and no matter how we mistrust the light, we're all waiting for morning
we're all waiting for morning

how did i let this happen?
let myself slip back into the role of victim
thought i'd left that all "way-back-when"
while forgetting grace, i increased my own tragedy

fallen back into the "how-could-this-have-happened-to-me's"
like some melancholy play
that no one paid to see
i'm directing on anyway
anyway

it seems we have this sickness
a misconception, if you will
that once we've triumphed over something
it lays in the dust, eternal, never to breathe again
but that's not the way this works
reflections of what haunt us
will take on new forms in the end
the likes of which we'd not yet seen
how quickly our hearts fill with dread
yeah, it rains on the righteous as well as the wicked
but some afflictions can feel like death

i've fallen back into the "how-could-this-have-happened-to-me's"
like some melancholy play
that no one paid to see
i'm directing on anyway
i'm directing on

we either fight or we flee
which one's it gonna be?
realize it's an old demon in a new disguise
i hope you stand up tall to face him
pray you have the strength to look him in his eyes
scream loud in proclamation
"i've seen your kind before
g-d, i let the signs fly right on by
waited till my spirit was laid low
but now my eyes are open wide
this time i see right through your lies
you've tried to put me in the ground before
extinguish my light
i've got the scars to show for it
but what was once a reminder of death
is now an affirmation of life
an affirmation of life
because i took the worst you threw at me
and, damn it, i survived
so get behind me, devil
i refuse to let myself be bound
i won't adhere to mental slavery
even while your torments abound
depart from me!"

i swear there's a strength inside you
a faint whisper calling you to be brave
and the next time it seems the darkest
like you couldn't possibly be saved
stripped of all comfort and weak
i hope you face your adversary
and find you're stronger than you think

i drove myself out into the wilderness
not a forced exile, i'm just searching for bliss
blood orange crescent moon
illuminate the blacktop's running lines
carry my spirit far from the chaos and light
of the city built upon brute and might
the soul deserves savor
the apple, heavy, over-ripe on my simple pallet
sickens the stomach

blind my eyes with flashing lights
dull my senses in over-sweet wine
expose me to all of your grandeur
i'd still long for bitter savor

egos taught to inflame from a young age
images and influence twisted to persuade
our common sensibilities toward entering a race
for which there is no end, no hanging yellow tape
don't let your intellect be insulted
don't be taken for a fool
it's in knowledge and experience
wherein a soul's true fortune is made

so i won't buy what they've always tried to sell me
give up your passion for that 401k
put away your true callings

chase that
the american dream
i'd rather run into the wild, experience the wind, the cold
than gain the wealth of the world and forfeit my soul

i won't buy what they've always tried to sell me
give up your passion for that 401k
put away your true callings

we fight against the tide to retain that spark of life
that's become all too extinguished
the prevailing of time
to never grow old, only become more wise
taking all the suffering and the bite
one breath at a time
is all it takes to keep on growing
all it takes to stay alive
to stay alive

i do dimly perceive that whilst everything around me is ever changing, ever-dying, there is underlying all that change a living power that is changeless, that holds all together, that creates, dissolves, and recreates. that informing power or spirit is god. and since nothing else i see merely through the senses can or will persist, he alone is. 
and is this power benevolent or malevolent? i see it as purely benevolent
. for i can see, that in the midst of death, life persists. in the midst of untruth, truth persists. in the midst of darkness light persists. hence i gather that god is life, truth, light. he is love. he is the supreme good. 
but he is no god who merely satisfies the intellect, if he ever does
god: to be god must rule the heart and transform it. he must express himself in every smallest act of his votary
it is proved not by extraneous evidence
, but in the transformed conduct and character of those who have felt the real presence of god within
to reject this evidence is to deny oneself, this realization is preceded by an immovable faith. he who would, in his own person, test the fact of god's presence can do so by a living faith. and since faith itself cannot be proved by extraneous evidence. the safest course is to believe in the law of truth and love. exercise of faith will be the safest where there is a clear determination summarily to reject all that is contrary to truth and love
i confess that i have no argument to convince through reason, faith transcends reason. all that i can advise is not to attempt the impossible

the time is 11:11pm

"you don't want to go in there", is all the officer said
his face pale as the dead
the ride-along saw white grow on his head
hand on his clip, cold metal on his hip
thinking of wasting, that monster
sat so close you could spit

this is no man, no man could do this
heartless
this is no man

gentle grace, met with violence 
met with violence

in this dark place, i feel your silence

stared at the window on the right
winter air and the fear of what was inside, sent shivers down his spine
that flashing red light
the young men, found comfort in the stars
taking his mind off homicide, walked up the path through the yard
the door stood ajar
he stepped, hesitantly, into the dark
just then another ran past him, eyes wide, hands clasped to his face
shoved him into the wall as the first spray escaped
the remainder of the vomit planted in the garden
pointed to the first door on the right
that same flashing red light

no man, no man could do this

gentle grace, met with violence 
met with violence

in this dark place, i feel your silence

he gathered his courage, tried not to think of what he was about to see
tried to not visualize a child of three
running into the first door on the right
hoping to stop the fight!
red on the walls
red on the presents
her angelic head, left blood and fragments
red on the tree
red on her fleece
he put her down as she tried to flee

we are all given a chance to be free
i will be better than my father before me!

gentle grace, met with violence 
met with violence

in this dark place, i feel your silence

i feel it haunting me
that little girl was his redeeming grace
i feel it haunting me
the thing to help him forget the misery
i feel it haunting me
'cause he was never shown it
i feel it haunting me
he spat in its face
i feel it haunting me
now this brave young one lays cold
i feel it haunting me
planted under a tree
i feel it haunting me
given no chance to grow old
i feel it haunting me

we shout up at the sky
until our mouths are bloody and dry
screaming out at a g-d that seems to be blind
to the suffering of us here below; those pushed aside
look around and witness the weight of this darkness
i can assure you that ignorance is not bliss
and simply because we've adorned our eyes with such arrogance
does not mean the unspeakable will cease
wicked men hoarding necessities
while their fellow men die of sickness and disease

our children are still starving
doubled over in pain from the grumbling
dying loved ones whither and fade
the person we knew stripped away
all we love will fade
all we love is stripped away
men killing their dearest in a fit of rage
instead of putting the past behind, turning a new page
mothers drown their baby's in their sleep
as a reprieve cause they don't know the next time they'll eat

we still defile and abuse the innocent
like items to be sold or owned
slavery and prostitution is no place for a nine year old

so rage, cry out at the angry sky
let the emotion fall from your eyes
i tell you the truth
yhwh rages with you
he hears your frantic pleas
believe me when i say, "he is not some distant thing!"
if you're quiet for awhile, you might just hear him breathe
he's stood at the bedside of the lowly
shoulders heaving, his head in his hands
grieving with a father's heart, come to retrieve another wayward lamb
it's up to us to hold each others' dignity
recognize we've chosen the wrong enemy
hate, ignorance, and inhumanity are what we should be battling
now's the time for knowledge
now's the time for truth
humanity has already suffered so much abuse
we must take responsibility, and do away with apathy
unlearn society's teachings
to be blind and selfish
because what you must learn
is that the problem is us

we pack up our gear and we're gone again
driven by passion, outward
away from family and friends
but what they can't see is that every day i'm drowning
drowning in a sea of faces that i miss so desperately
with each flashing countenance
a torrent of emotion, joy and memories
the people i've grown to love so deeply throughout the years
i've chosen a big family and the weight of their absence has brought me more than once to tears
i'm drowning
i wake from sleep, violently
only to witness those lives and faces disappear slowly behind me
i'm drowning
again i'm pulled back into deep waters
washed further away from my sisters and brothers
i'm drowning
am i truly living a dream, when the only time i spend with you is in my sleep?

how am i to stay the course?
to remain bold
when all those my heart longs for
remain firmly anchored at home
am i truly living a dream
when the only time i spend with you is in my sleep?

with every 'it's-been-awhile' embrace
i wish it could last an eternity
silently praying for the courage to say, "oh, god, how i've missed you!" oh, god how i've missed you
i've seen you in my sleep!
we were laughing, crying, joking
you know the way it used to be?
back when we younger and all that much more free
i just hope you see that nothing's changed between you and me
no matter the time we've spent apart
i know it's not always easy to show it but, please, believe that i carried you in my heart
that you were with me through every mile
i could have sworn i saw your phantom standing in the aisle!
it seems you already know what i'm thinking
and that, even after all this time
some things still do go without saying
we savoured the taste of our sweet youth
and now, with calloused hands, gather the remaining fruit
to go any farther, we must endure further pains

skinned, mashed, and finally strained
fermenting in the time spent away
only to return with a fine vintage
two cheers to the health of those who stayed

there has always been this sneaking suspicion
there's something critical we've missed
more connected than ever before
yet we are all dying of loneliness
the trap was set; we've trusted a deception
as if there weren't fullness of life without incorporation
into these churning and violent systems
outrage without information
has left our spirits in shambles
clanging cymbals, mindless babble
we skirt around the issue
no matter how immensely prevalent
everyone's so scared to breathe a word
no one wants to mention it
that after all they've sacrificed
we'd rather trust a fucking screen
than sit in tactful humility
discourse with a human being
instead of thinking for ourselves
we'd rather be fed what to believe
they won't know what's on our hearts
until it stops beating in our chest
won't wait to see what's on our mind
until it exits the back of our heads
those sworn to protect us have become our captors
one-stop judge, jury, and executioner
granted license to take a life without giving chase
youth cut down in its prime
oh g-d, what a fucking waste
you took a solemn oath, placed your hand on that bible
pledged your protection and service
to adorn yourself in courage
craven hands, dutifully raised
to uphold truth and justice
would rather bend the knee to fear
instead of flex that muscle between their ears
coward, pull that trigger with haste
i'll fire back with my words and a raised fist
those sworn to protect us have become our captors
don't make idiots your idols; so many bow down to fools
strutting around like crownless kings
raving mad aristocrats, crippled by insecurity
they prey upon the weak, both in will and mind
preaching that compliance is peace
that the walls they'll build will bring sanctuary
masses, blinded by fear, clutch and grab for stability
but one day, we'll look up and see the walls and wire
our monoliths of false safety
and realize that our battlements have only served to shut us in
stone only hardens our hearts
isolation only constricts our souls
hatred dominates when we refuse to see the other as our own
we are still here
were we ever truly free?

i'm heartsick
and well rehearsed
highly decorated
with a badge that reads
"it could be worse"
so prideful i choose
to live in disguise
with a levee set
for my heavy eyes

i apologize for the grief
when you'd refuse to eat
i didn't know
just what to say
while watching you
wither away

i'm homesick
and living in the past
seemingly unfazed and strong if anyone asks
i'm keeping up appereances with white lies
with a levee set
for my heavy eyes

i apologize for the grief
when you'd talk about belief
i didn't know
just what to say
while watching you
wither away

it was time this whole time
it was time this whole time
it was time this whole time
we can't undo or rewind
just a simple conversation
about nothing much at all
couldn't keep me in the room
i just kept walking
down the hall
but now i understand
just what a fool i'd been
no matter what the context
i won't have that time again
and i'll live with that

i took inventory
of what i took for granted
and i ended up with more than i imagined
i've kept it bottled up and to myself in the cellar
kept for my ever-changing mental health

it was time this whole time
i took inventory of what i took for granted
and i ended up with more than i imagined
it was time this whole time
i've kept it bottled up and to myself in the cellar
kept for my ever-changing mental health

somehow it's already been a year
embracing all diversions to make this feeling disappear
now i just feel you everywhere
it coincides with the guilt of knowing that i wasn't there
i was told that you wouldn't have known
told myself i was where you'd want me to be
but it's not that easy
i tried to be your light
did my best to shine
nothing i do feels right
as i went out all the time
how has it already been a year?
i skip over songs, because they're too hard to hear
like track two on benji or "what sarah said"
they just hit too close when i'm already in my head
i was told you were half asleep
told myself you would be proud of me
but it's not that easy
i tried to be your light
did my best to shine
nothing i do feels right
as i went out all the time
somehow it's already been a year
you keep finding new ways to make yourself reappear
i hope you never leave me be
i haven't found that courage to listen to your last message to me

with so much gloom surrounding
i feel cornered up against the wall
pulled down and slowly drowning
taking bets on who is next to fall
i saw the glass as half full
so i felt i could ask for more
i was comfortable
it spilled over onto the floor
i beg to come back to before
with the damage done
and the damage won
like a wave
like the rapture
something you love is gone
something you love is gone
like a wave
like the rapture
something you love is gone
something you love is gone
someone you love is gone
someone you love is gone
and leaves you fractured
i saw the glass as half full
so i felt i could ask for more
i was comfortable
it spilled over onto the floor
i beg to come back to before
with the damage done
and the damage won
i saved the worst for last
i saved the worst for last

you died at 69
with a body full of cancer
i asked your god
"how could you"
but i never heard an answer

no one saw it coming
the diagnosis of stage four
the bravest woman i know
that survived it once before

last week i crashed my car
and i walked away unscathed
maybe that was you
asking me to keep my faith

you'd cry at the thought of never seeing me again
if there was an afterlife
or what you'd call heaven

i've never felt so selfish, it's not what i prefer
i always kept it honest, especially for her
she gave me her best
she swore i was her heart
i couldn't worship the god that let her fall apart

i'm not sure what i believe
well i think that's understood
but i know she's looking out for me
the way she said she would
the way she said she would
the way she said she would

what was it that brought you west?
i assumed but can only guess
it's the questions that went unasked
that appear when time has passed
it felt like many years
taking apart our home
i dug through forty years
all alone

on my own
on my own
on my own
on my own

was it all the palm trees
placed where they shouldn't be
that made you feel complete
in this land of make believe

like going 65 on the 5 at 5
like going 65 on the 5 at 5

on my own
on my own
on my own
on my own

i am still bereaved
come every ocean breeze
was it all the palm trees
placed where they shouldn't be
that made you feel complete
in this land of make believe

what was it that brought you west?
what was it that brought you west?
what was it that brought you west?
where i lay my head to rest
it felt like many years
taking apart our home
i dug through forty years
all alone

i'm parting the sea between brightness and me
before i drown myself and everyone and everything
i got my hands behind my back
with two fingers overlapped
because i can never keep my word
and i share with the undeserved
for some cheap acceptance in return
the water will shape the sides
and i'll walk with my head held high
and when it all comes crashing in
it will be worth it, if i'm still breathing
if actions speak louder than words
i'm the most deafening noise you've heard
i'll be that ringing in your ears
that will stick around for years

it's an ugly day in glendale
in a place that you once knew
where you held that senile woman
that now has outlived you
i'm still taking it all in
i'm adapting to this loss
i wonder if she remembers you
how could she have forgotten
there's a crack in this shell
and some light is shining through
as i sorted through the pieces
that told the stories i never knew

you left a hole in this earth
and you paid for it up front
i had to fill it with dirt
while your friend sang the song
may the lord
mighty god
bless and keep you forever
grant you peace
perfect peace
courage in every endeavor
it was a sunny day in norfolk
next to the tree that caught your eye
i walked the ground you grew on
with my brother at my side
i'm still taking it all in
i'm adapting to this loss
people say that with time it gets easier
but i just think that they are wrong

you left a hole in this earth
and you paid for it up front
i had to fill it with dirt
while your friend sang the song
may the lord
mighty god
bless and keep you forever
grant you peace
perfect peace
courage in every endeavor

atop the skyscraper
one hundred and two floors
new york city
it was yours
it's yours

you live there
under the lights
you live there
under the lights
you live there
under the lights
you live there

below the busy streets
we watch your dreams unfold
new york city
it's all yours
it's yours

you live there
under the lights
you live there
under the lights
you live there
under the lights
you live there

you live there
under the lights
you live there
under the lights
you live there
under the lights
you live there
under the lights
you live there
under the lights

hi jeremy, i just wanted to tell you that just, finally left the hospital. um, and we're going to drop off a prescription at cvs so i probably won't be home when you get there okay? bye bye

there is no dress rehearsal
just a script that i've never read
a sad story that is universal
a vague idea of what to expect

is it curtains already?
i haven't learned my lines
is it curtains already?
i just thought that we'd have more time

a missed call with a message attached
"we need to talk when you have the chance"
i stood frozen in that gainesville venue
not knowing how to react

is it curtains already?
i haven't learned my lines
is it curtains already?
i'll improvise

not surprising i put off the call
socialized and put up a wall
anything to prolong the chances
before confirming she was really gone
i crossed southwest second street
made the call and stared at my feet
"she passed away about an hour ago
while you were onstage living the dream"

i was once asked how i'd like to be remembered
and i simply smiled and said i'd rather stay forever.
it was possibly, my loudest cliche
but felt better than, just walking away

i don't know what my legacy will be
a song, some words i wrote, or a kid i'll never see
all of these things scare me half to death
i'll suffer the day just hoping for the best

but that's not to say i don't think that all of this can change
but that's not to say i won't wake up some day
with a lion's pride that i'm going to be okay

if again i'm asked how i'd like to be remembered
next time i'll be better prepared for the answer
but you'll never know much of the truth
so i'll just exist. it's all i can do

so much to consider and too much to grasp
to swallow mortality is enough of a task and
leaving your mark is just too much to ask
i'll just bow my head and leave out the back

a sugar scented sinful message
that everyone saw through
now subterfuge and manhattan blues
seem to dictate my mood
i've counted blessings while confessing
i've some to spare
beg or borrow, swallow sorrow
i have come prepared
it's a right of passage
it's a torch to carry
when you feel that damage
and it's extraordinary
the oscillating toll it's taking on everyone involved
we'll find connections through extensions to not feel so alone
it's an initiation
conducted at bedside
to a steady beat
to help keep time
we're all focused on holding onto
all that we have got
while we're drifting slowly and posing holy for all that we are not
i've counted blessings while confessing
i have some to spare
beg or borrow, swallow sorrow
i have come prepared

sun down, sun up
sun down, sun up

i speak in sarcasm to relate to all the things i appreciate
i lie in rhythm to open doors i follow suit and just want more
my reputation is the same its been and i don't care what happens
i read the book so i know the end

i've probably said too much
but i've never felt more accomplished

i'm losing sleep, i'm losing friends
i've got a love hate love with the city i'm in
i'll count the hours, having just one wish
if i'm doing fine there's no point to this

i'm losing sleep, i'm losing friends
i've got a love hate love with the city i'm in
i'll count the hours, having just one wish
if i'm doing fine there's no point to this

i'm losing sleep, i'm losing friends
i've got a love hate love with the city i'm in
i'll count the hours, having just one wish
if i'm doing fine there's no point to this

i'm losing sleep, i'm losing friends
i've got a love hate love with the city i'm in
i'll count the hours, having just one wish
if i'm doing fine there's no point to this

you couldn't help
but spill your glass
onto that nightstand
so that wood
raised and cracked
you came to have such shaky hands
those patriotic coffee cups
that came in a set of four
became three when i found a handle
broken off on the tile floor
where you used to cook our meals
while you watched that small tv
that was so dangerously
placed above the kitchen sink
they've all gone away
again, i find myself focused on the insignificance
like there will be a revelation that'll make a difference
that night when you took the wrong dose
and weren't making any sense
is a night that i often remember
and one i wish i could forget
but it's there to stay
it's been replaying
over and over
the words they echo
over and over
when you leaned in
and said
"we both know what this is"
and i haven't recovered since
no, i haven't recovered since
no, i haven't recovered

when words are softer spoken
they often sound the best
but now so interwoven
they've burrowed in my chest

i'm all used up, i'm out of steam
vacationing somewhere in between
a city named catharsis
and the other called empty
in one i feel so common
and the other i am royalty

i'm seeking out a place
one to give me peace
and everything between
i'm seeking out a place
one to give me peace
'cause ever since you died
i can't control anything
everything feels new
built from catastrophe
just when i get a hold
it slips away from me

i've always relied on melody
i've come to rely on love
but there's an absence in my heart
when i know i have enough

it always starts the same way
a sight, a sound, or something
then everything decays
till i gather myself
and by gather myself i mean
tune out the hemorrhaging
and by gather myself i mean
tear down possibility
but at the risk of sounding vague
i'll walk you through my day to day
but don't expect to comprehend
it's little things, that do me in
it always starts the same way
someone mentions something
then i'll just turn away
till i gather myself
and by gather myself i mean
over analyze everything
and by gather myself i mean
point my eyes to the ceiling
to evade what i'm feeling
in some cunning attempt to
outrun the things that have made the night my home
point my eyes to the ceiling
to evade what i'm feeling
in some cunning attempt to
outrun the things that have made the night my home

we sway like brittle branches
one gust and to earth we come
i'm grinning because i know
i'm grinning just because
taking orders never suited me
saying no just for the thrill
but tonight we're moving slowly
while the cavalry moves in for the kill
moves in for the kill
moves in for the kill
i'm tired and i'm sore sore, sore, sore, sore
i'm not so young anymore anymore, anymore
worn down, but i imagine sore, sore, sore, sore
this uniform stays in fashion
we've poured ourselves in these sweet white dying dogs
some nights not kissing
some nights just because
if we hear a crash
we can only expect the worst
but tonight we're moving fast
while the party resumes the search
resumes the search
resumes the search
i'm tired and i'm sore sore, sore, sore, sore
i'm not so proud anymore anymore, anymore
worn down, but i've decided sore, sore, sore, sore
it's open casket you're all invited
my head in your lap from the wandering blackout
the touch of your hand, you're the last one to back out
there's nothing to argue, there's only a title
the worst's yet to come well the worst's not invited
i make separate fists while i swallowed the pride
so let's embrace the twilight
while burning out the limelight
i am haunting an old roll of telephone wires
so let's embrace the twilight
while burning out the limelight
it's not how it was but it's not getting lighter
so let's embrace the twilight
while burning out the limelight
the weight is immaculate, the depth is inspired
so let's embrace the twilight
while burning out the limelight
it's let in, eyes tired
so let's embrace the twilight
while burning out the limelight
i hold waste, stop fires
so let's embrace the twilight
while burning out the limelight
i want hope, faith higher
so let's embrace the twilight
while burning out the limelight
i'm lost now, loss tires
so let's embrace the twilight
while burning out the limelight

call it a learning process
and i've never been that quick
because i take things as they come
and i respond how i see fit
but it's easy to get distracted
as i've been living life abroad
but i'm starved for your acceptance
and i work for your applause
i'd always envisioned myself as a giver
but as i reflect, i've left something to be desired
not that my heart hasn't ever delivered
but that it's never felt this inspired
to have direction, to feel complete
to embrace affection, to end all the woe is me
but mainly to harbor the love that i have to give
but for tonight, let's just stay inside
well it's far too loud and i just want quiet
and if we die before we wake
i'll blame it on the past mistakes
without you i'm not pure
and without you i'm not clean
but if i'm going down with you
then you're going down with me
what i'm afraid of is what is certain
and what i'm sure of is that it's on me
but i'm too tired to be that person
and that person needs to be set free
to harbor the love that i have to give

i'm coming to terms that i'm not concerned
with planting my feet but moving onward
i'm growing older but i can't get over
the need of colder skin when i know that home is warmer
it's just i have this problem
where i want to be everywhere i'm not
but i'm thankful for what i've got
a room in a house where my bed may stay
but the feel of another's sheets help keep my demons away
it's become clear that what keeps me here
is the sense of failure and other nightmares
i've become jaded and i can't escape it
the thought of settling when i know it's what i've hated
it's just i have this problem
where i want to be everywhere i'm not
it's just i know myself and i'll sacrifice everything i've got
though i can't afford to eat as much as i would like to be
and my bills won't pay themselves so i'll come up with another scheme
this place looks better from a passenger window
or stared at from above
but when you're chasing brightness
you lose concern with the damage done
it's not my fault
i'll try to call
no ties no roots i'm fine

it's a song of thanks, sung by a hack
when the reflection of yourself just won't look back
it's that panic you feel when you don't know what to say
when everyone wants in and you want the subject to change
'cause i've been swallowed up and i've been split in two
and i'm not sure which is me and who i respond through
so notify my next of kin
and let them know there's so much more to believe in
it doesn't have to be based on blood
because the next in line shouldn't have to know
what they're made of
this is survived by who held me up
this is survived by who sang the song
and that sense of purpose has made it all worth it
so write a song that everyone can sing along to
so when you're gone you can live on, they won't forget you
this is survived by a love
this is survived by a cause
that you aren't the only who remembers what it was
this is survived by a love
this is survived by a wish
that you won't let down who has attached themselves to it
this is survived by a love
this is survived by a fear
that all that's left when said and done is words you will
never ever hear

you can call this coming clean or the repeat of what you know
about the struggles i once had as i'm learning to let go
i made a pledge to myself, if i was to raise my voice
to be direct as i can be no matter what i may destroy
but i can't say i haven't aged
i've outgrown what i used to be
i won't fake what is expected
to succeed with album three that's not me
does this mean that the words won't come?
does this mean that i'm at my end?
if my joy comes with the price of my love
i won't pay if i have to pretend
there's always a chance to relapse and fall back
to the person i still fear is there
so if this ink will suddenly run out
i'll refill if i feel the need to share
it was the fall of last year in new york city
day two of a tour, when my friend johnny said
hey, i'd like you to meet 
andy

we got to talking and connected on some things
mutual friends and how his band started writing
but then something was spoke
i knew exactly what he meant
i understood when he said
it's hard to write content
and it still is, and it still is
but i won't take a step back
though it might be for the best
and it still is, and it still is
i know you asked for some advice
they use your blood to capitalize
so give up all your secrets
to move units, display your weakness
you might spend some years alone
at
 the price of forgetting your home
so expose what hurts you the worst
the exchange deals a handsome return are you in?

lay awake or sleep for days, you wouldn't notice either way
couldn't help you with your pain, but always hoped that you were safe

it took hours of silent phonecalls for me to finally realise
that just because you act with the best of intentions
it doesn't necessarily mean that you can't be wrong

i thought my heart could be our home, but all you thought of was the cage
praying for the sun, beneath my ribs you sat in shade
you were my little bird, and i saw fit to clip your wings
and then resented you, because for me you never chose to sing

so there was silence in the house
the hallways echoed with a growing doubt
that we would never make it out of this hell that we've created

i guess that's why i never felt like home
because we'd lay together, but were still alone
desperate for the warmth of someone's comfort, but not our own
we were always vacant, nothing more
we spoke until our throats were sore
our hearts lay on the bedroom floor, and one was mine
but both were yours

i'm sorry i could never find the words to say
i had chewed them all into my tongue
your negligence has left me frail
i never asked to fall in love so young

i know i promised not to call again, but i've still got so much to say
i hope to god that you are sleeping well
i hope someday you will ache, the way i ache

sleep seems to evade me
i just spend the whole night pacing in the hallway where i used to hear your footsteps on the floor
i've been so low, and maybe i've been thinking about us lately, but i guess that doesn't matter anymore
i just called to say
"i'm sorry, darling, but i've been wasting my time rotting the teeth out of my head
trying hard to swallow the sweetest sentiments i can't express
and i know that you told me to leave you alone, but yours is still the only love i've ever known
"

does it help if i say that i'm sorry?
i know the burning in my blood has made you worry a lot
like the medicine they gave me that hurt me
if you leave when i'm sleeping could you turn the lights off?
my eyes ache if i wake up bathing in fluorescence
it's hard to shake the phosphenes and iridescence
when intravenous makes me feel heavy
as frail as glass, and fading fast, i think that i'm ready to leave

so give me one good reason to believe i'm getting better
my weight keeps fluctuating and i struggle to remember
the last time i slept through a night without needing to shed my blood
i'm so sick of feeling alone

but i can't stop thinking about
every time that you'd leave me alone in the house
and i'd lay in my bed, suffocating with doubt
over whether i'd manage to function without
having you there to make sure i take what they gave me
to kill off the pain that i'm going through daily
in every way that i am strong, i am also weak
for all the words my lungs have birthed
i struggle to speak
to you about anything
that makes me feel like a burden

does it hurt you if i say i can feel the decay?
in a hospital bed i wither away
behind the curtains i've been crying almost every night
i don't want to ache like this for the rest of my life

so give me one good reason to believe i'm getting better
my weight keeps fluctuating and i struggle to remember
the last time i slept through a night without needing to shed my blood
i'm so sick of feeling alone

so thoroughly convinced that the product of persistence
was a love that i'd been told of when i was just a kid
i was wed to my misery in the hope that at the ceremony
you'd interject, but you never did
now seven years on, bitter and resentful
i still contemplate what i did to deserve
the glimpses of affection you used to distract me
as you were filing my teeth to the nerve

i know you were the death of me, but still in spite of everything
i hope that you are finding sleep while i still lay awake
although my throat is burning now, it's still so quiet in the house
the emptiness you occupied is more than i can take

tell me, are you ashamed?
'cause i felt alone and you watched as i decayed
i slipped through your hands as i faded
i've tried to forget
but your love will make a museum of me yet
i hope you know how long i've waited

though reservoirs of self-disgust have swollen up inside my lungs
pulmonary oedema is no substitute for love that once lay its head upon my chest
a comfort cradled motionless, but i have come undone
my love is not enough
i know it's hard to watch your light fade from my eyes, but darling for my sake you've got to let it die
my weathered hands have dug this grave enough
it's time for us to bury our love

tell me, are you ashamed?
'cause i felt alone and you watched as i decayed
i slipped through your hands as i faded
i've tried to forget
but your love will make a museum of me yet
i hope you know how long i've waited

i don't need you like you think i do
i just want you here tonight
i know it might sound crazy
but my head it just don't feel right
i miss your bones buried beneath my sheets
my voice shakes when i try to speak
your name is stitched into my teeth
and every time i talk i feel you there

every night the floorboards creak outside my bedroom door
18 months of losing sleep
because your ghost has been pacing in the halls
i know they say time heals all wounds but when will it heal mine?
'cause i'm sick of waiting for you to bring me back my peace of mind

i still miss you like the moon misses the warm kiss of the sun
when the earth dances between them and steals away its love
i asked how long you'd be gone
and you said "as long as it takes"
and i was always so impatient with our love
but i swore i'd wait

i'm tired of living in the fear that one day you'll come back
and after all these years, i won't be able to look you in the face
and say "i've let you go"
'cause yours is the only love i've ever known

i'm tired of living in the fear that one day you'll come back
and after all these years, i won't be able to look you in the face
and say "i've let you go"
'cause yours is the only love i've ever known
'cause yours is the only love i've ever known
'cause yours is the only love i've ever known

six years ago, i developed a shake in my hands
as they carried the weight of a love i was too young to understand
but had convinced myself i couldn't live without
now the only reminders i have of a life i no longer miss are my terrible cursive
and problems holding my cutlery right when i sit at the table on family occasions

and i know my mother still worries from time to time
i guess after so long she's learning to realise more often than not when i'm silent it means that i'm already sorry
for not speaking up, for not using my voice
to talk about what i've been going through
and that's why i'm scared of you

because even before i had chance to explain
you were tending to my wounds and soothing my aches
i never thought i'd feel comfort again
and i know what this is 'cause my hands have stopped shaking
i hesitate to call it by name
just in case it gets taken away again
i know that it's love, but what if i'm not enough?

because regardless of how soft the touch, i still bruise
and i break when i think about how it must look to you
as i tremble and shake in the bed that we've only just started to make

i feel the veins that sit behind my eyes grow varicose as gentle light starts filtering through fractured blinds that shade the world from me
you'd always watch me as i'd wax and wane
fluoxetine and slow decay
dependence on a medicine is hell without reprieve

i am bereft of the ineffable affections i feel i am owed
my vacancy and apathy are all that i have left to show
for years i spent in isolation, for chemicals that took the place
of fleeting moments in which i found reprieve from misery

and it seems the only solace i'm afforded is now instead of wanting to kill myself i just sleep
i guess progress really isn't want i thought it would be
and as i lay supine and let the phosphenes fade after another collapse
i'm left to contemplate if i'm really getting better, or if i'm just numb to the feeling of falling apart

my dichotomy has always been that i'm scared of burdening those who love me
but knowing i need help before i die afraid and lonely
but maybe it's all in my head

the irony i face is that whenever i try to medicate my aches
it kills the only part of me that makes me want to stay

and as i lay supine and let the phosphenes fade after another collapse, i'm left to contemplate
if i'm really getting better, or if i'm just numb to the feeling of falling apart

how much do you remember about those summers we spent together?
because i don't seem to be able to recall all those things i thought that i'd miss
your perfume and your sun kissed skin
turns out they meant nothing all along

i was haunted by the emptiness that filled the hole you left
a grave i still can't bring myself to visit yet
though i won't be losing sleep, i still refuse to forget
it took me so long to admit we were dead;

but we were dead

you buried it in the backyard of a house that we built with our bare hands
where you said we'd grow old together
i felt safe there
i knew every crooked frame and every creaking stair
i could have stayed my whole fucking life
but time, it was never a friend of mine

i got so scared that i disappeared into my head for 8 lonely years
and it killed me, but it hurt you too, and i'm sorry
i'm sorry but you weren't there when i needed you most
i felt like i was a ghost of someone you used to love
but i was never enough to save us

are you happy?
are you happy?

so tell me, is it serious between you and him?
i hope to god that he makes you happy
i hope i never hear your name again

now the home we made is nothing more than a house
where we fucked and we ate, but never fell in love
you're sleeping in the bed we made, with somebody else
are you happy?
are you fucking happy?

i got so scared that i disappeared into my head for 8 lonely years
and it killed me, but it hurt you too, and i'm sorry
i'm sorry

if i'd had know that from the minute i was born
that the price of my existence
would be the weight of expectation
then i wouldn't fucking be here
how can i focus on the life i'm "supposed to lead"
when everyday i struggle with existing?
i've dug a hole so deep in my mind that i can no longer see
the light of the sun, and i can no longer hear the voices
of people i love
and i've been breaking my hands
trying to carry the burden
that i've placed on myself
i'm so afraid of the end
i've lead myself to believe
i may never be happy again
i think the hardest part of all
is trying to justify self-deprecation when i am
constantly surrounded by sources
of love and affection
i know that i'm not on my own
but i can't shake the feeling
that i'm in this alone
there's no one that i feel safe with
all i've wanted for so long
is to succumb to a sleep
that i am not afraid of
give me the strength to love myself
as i am told that i am loved
may i believe, despite my doubt
that someday i'll be good enough
give me the strength to love myself
as i am told that i am loved
may i believe, despite my doubt
that someday i'll be good enough
hindsight is a miserable thing
when you don't know where you're going
and you don't care where you've been
hindsight is a miserable thing
when you don't know where you're going
and you don't care where you've been

i know i promised not to call
but i left so much unsaid
and you barely said a word at all
but i knew exactly how you felt

how fast did we decay?
'cause i remember falling into love but never out again
it felt like one day i woke up and we weren't there
we'd lay our bones in the same bed at night
but our love had disappeared

lonely is as lonely does
sink beneath the bed sheets
drowning in the thought of us, a bloodless vessel, empty toothless, i've been thinking of a way to let you know
hell is loving you in my sleep and waking up alone

i guess i just couldn't bring myself to face the fact that maybe we were never what i wanted us to be
maybe the love that we had made was not the beautiful home i always imagined that we had built
because you were the light of my life
but no matter how brightly you shone the shadow you cast was never dark enough to cancel out the glare
maybe i would have left sooner if i could have seen it then, maybe you were never there

you never saw it as us, only ever you and me
you were the blood in my veins
you only came to watch me bleed
our love set me on fire
and you stood and watched me burn
you told me once you couldn't love me, but i guess i'll never learn

lonely is as lonely does
i sink beneath the bed sheets
drowning in the thought of us
a bloodless vessel, empty
toothless, i've been thinking of a way to let you know
hell is loving you in my sleep and waking up alone

i've let melancholy permeate my epidermis
it resonates with every word and i'm stirred awake at night
because my mind is but a pendulum that oscillates
it swings from grief that suffocates
to brevity my voice can't shake
i stutter when i speak 'cause i'm still so weak
i guess the notion of content has always felt incongruent
but it took a long time to be honest with myself
about the solipsistic attitude i take towards my health
oh, how it pains me to admit it
but i'm far from self-sufficient
my independence stolen
by persistent mental illness
please, don't mistake my silence for ignorance
i'm trying to be better at this
but i'm sick and tired of self-abusing
and making excuses for why
i hesitate to lead a life that should elate me
i'm reminded daily that my depression can't be justified
but i can't seem to quieten down my mind
i've always been ashamed to say that maybe i need help
but it's either that, or face the fact i may end up killing myself
i can't tell if i'm a coward for being scared to leave
or if i'm brave for staying when i'm riddled with worry
so, this is an open letter to myself in ten years' time
i'm sorry if you're not around to read this
i swear that i tried

i birthed breath to grief i couldn't understand
that knew only authenticity as my melancholy hands
shook beneath the weight of something you had once entrusted me to hold
in growing old i only long to be consoled
instead i have been left as just a vessel for my aches
a crooked spine that buckled once, but never thought to heal the break
now nostalgia comes home once a week, drunk and delusional
slurring her speech, she talks about "trying again"
slumped heavy on the frame of the door to the room where i wait
i barely said a word at all, scared to tell you how i felt
has my memory decayed? i don't remember falling into love
and it kills me every day
i hope i never fucking hear your name again
carry me lifeless and afraid, back to our bed
truth be told it never felt like we were laid together sleeping
only that my broken body had been crushed between your sheets
like dead flowers between the pages of a journal you never read anymore
you just flick through when you're bored
the only time you ever call is to remind me of something we never were
were we anything at all?
no heaven without hell beneath, in misery without you and me
your memory won't let me sleep, i never thought i'd be so weak
lonely is as lonely was, no more than a memory
can't deny it anymore, our love is dead and buried
senseless, i've been caring for the house that we called home
hell was loving you at all my dear, because now i'm alone

once again, my caution bends to soft amnesia as i forget that i've been here before
the melatonin fails again, and melancholy settles in
my mouth neglects the shape of words that i know you adored
and every night it hurts a little more

and i can't seem to satiate
the sadness that still resonates
every bone in me will break
beneath the weight of guilt that i can't place

if my happiness isn't permanent, then i am no more than a surrogate father
lead to the alter to marry the mother despite all of my reservations
if the joy that i feel is so juvenile, how do i reconcile all the aggression that i seem to harbour?
the selfish depression that makes it so hard to feel loved?

promise me you'll stay a while, i know i ask you all the time
must be getting hard to pretend
and safe in the warmth of the sun i let myself undress
revealing wounds that time neglects
hesitant, i acquiesce to the softest embrace of your bed

where shamefully i supplicate
for anything that seems to soothe my aches
watch me as i dissipate
dissolve into a solvent fear of change

despondency bleeds into everything
removing my hands from the wheel of the vehicle
i couldn't care at all
sing me to sleep with my mellifluous misery
drunk and delusional, numb at the funeral
love was once sacrosanct, but now it resembles the sound of a language that i am scared to speak

from a soapbox, i have glorified my slow disintegration
nothing more than my verbose, romanticised self-deprecation
i've little more to offer than advice on letting blood
my cynicism serves no purpose, and my love is not enough
to eschew negative behaviours that i've tried to use to cope abuse of prescribed medication lay as a hand around my throat
but sobriety failed to sedate high functioning depression
my levity has always been a wound that needs addressing
and the diagnostic lens through which my health is often viewed fails to take in to account the uncomfortable truth
perhaps my pessimism prospers in the absence of progress
is my cynicism premature or justified by my emptiness?
but sobriety fails to sedate high functioning depression
my levity has always been a wound that needs addressing
since becoming an adult i've tried to think about it less often, but at the tender age of sixteen i'd already hit the bottom. my brother found me sitting on the floor of the family bathroom, crying hysterically, and desperately clutching to two or three packets of painkillers that i'd been terrified of for weeks. i'd been feeling low for a while, but i never truly felt comfortable speaking about it, and he wasn't really able to understand what he'd seen but he knew that i was upset so decided to sit beside me, and that was enough for me to view the situation from a new perspective. while true i knew what i was doing, i'd neglected to think beyond that moment, and ironically it scares me to death now knowing that i may have left him without a brother because of a mindset i'm yet to fully recover from. but i guess the memory also invigorates me with a hope that evidently i was lacking at the time, which is fortunate because now, ten years down the line, i've thought of leaving more than i care to remember; but while the bad days still hold weight, they're definitely getting better. every day i dilute the nefarious self-deprecation and loathing a little more with the help of my loved ones, whose constant support i certainly wouldn't be here without. 
in all the ways that i am weak, i am also strong; learning how to speak gave me the strength to carry on

my fingers broke holding the rope that tied me to the past
i choked on every simple syllable i'd stitched into my teeth
since the bones reset i guess i think about you less
unless i'm drinking or upset, but honestly that doesn't happen frequently
i'm not even sure why i'm still calling you up
when i know that your phone's been disconnected for months
i guess it's hard to break a habit that reminds you of love
i just needed you to know that i don't miss you at all
and needlework would never hurt, i embellished all that i was worth
with words so passionately birthed by lovers losing hope
but in the end i hated every metaphor we made
every sickly sentiment that i had sewn into my skin
i'm learning to remove your every suture, every wound is proof
that even love is ruthless
but i survived no thanks to you
in the end i hated all the metaphors we made
every sickly sentiment that i had sewn into my skin
i'm learning to remove your every suture, every wound is proof
that even love is ruthless
but i survived no thanks to you

you saw it all fall apart
you saw the person i was before and after the illness started
pulling out my teeth
and draining the colour from my cheeks
and i can't blame you for leaving me here
but i wish that you'd told me how it upset my mother
seeing her son's condition fading daily
it must have been so hard
she's been through hell with me so far

between depression and colitis, i lost half of my weight
she'd find me bleeding in the bathroom too exhausted to shake
i was embarrassed to speak up because a "man" should be able to care for himself
shouldn't need medication to make it through the day

i aged by days on afternoons behind those shades
in a darkened room my body lay, tumours blooming in my brain
i am consumed by an unfulfilling sadness
not even misery loves me

i am alone, and i'm afraid that i always will be

my mother knows that i am sick
but i hate that she can't understand
that whilst i am grateful for her love
it won't stop the shaking of my hands

i can't apologise enough, i live a life devoid of love

and i always thought i could escape this
like silence would help me to sleep
i found no bliss in my ignorance
i found no love where you said it would be

no heaven without hell beneath, no misery before you and me
too busy pulling out my teeth to bite the hand that made me weak

no heaven without hell beneath, no misery before you and me
too busy pulling out my teeth to bite the hand that made me weak

i sleep with discontent, sorrow creeps around my neck
and i fear that i may choke to death
your name still hangs in every note
and i've tried to fumigate my throat

just as together, as we were alone

no heaven without hell beneath, no misery before you and me
too busy pulling out my teeth to bite the hand that made me weak

no heaven without hell beneath, no misery before you and me
too busy pulling out my teeth to bite the hand that made me weak

the emptiness i harboured in the questions that i asked was almost palpable, it tasted like the soft skin on your back
and when i said "where did you go?" what i meant was "since you left, i have haven't had the chance to hate you nearly half as much as i've hated myself"
we were in love, at least that's what i came to call it, i was never really quite sure if it was; because in growing up the hardest lesson learned is just because you love someone, it doesn't mean they love you in return
i always thought you'd fade when i buried you and me, but on our grave a bed of flowers bloomed; and now each day you grow more beautiful as i'm left to decay
i guess it's true that some things never change
it's been quite a long time now but i'm still so weak
i found a bliss in my ignorance until ignorance found hell in me
when i said "where did you go?" what i meant was "since you left i haven't had the chance to hate you half as much as i loved you then"
it's been a long time now, but i still spend my nights laying awake
the kind of tired that sleep wouldn't shake, the kind of empty that fills the entire space in my chest cavity where i tried to keep you safe; but you escaped
it's been quite a long time now but i'm still so weak
i found a bliss in my ignorance until ignorance found hell in me
when i said "where did you go?" what i meant was "since you left i haven't had the chance to hate you half as much as i loved you then"

i'd watch the furniture dance slowly, as you dragged it around the room
unaware of my attention, you were alone for all you knew
but in the moments when the analgesia would briefly fade
i could collocate the words your body spoke; you were always so afraid

your hands would shake as you rearranged flowers by the bed
i heard visitors pass comments, i looked well, or so they said
and every morning, as the sunlight slowly filtered through the shades
you'd awake, disappointed by me sleeping through the day

and it pains me knowing that you were taking time out of your life
to make sure that i was still on the medication that made me stay when i didn't want to
and you always say you're not, but i know you're disappointed
when you visit and the doctor tells you that i've stopped talking again
it's just when i had no one, i had depression
it's the only constant in my life that i could depend on

your hands would shake as you rearranged flowers by the bed
i heard visitors pass comments, i looked well, or so they said
and every morning, as the sunlight slowly filtered through the shades
you'd awake, disappointed by me sleeping through the day

sitting at the corner of our bed
where the roots of our love had dug themselves deeply into the mattress
but the passion flowers had long since bloomed and died
i sit and stare blankly at the magnolia walls of your room

for somebody so vibrant
you always had such a bland, uninspired eye for decoration
as though the dancing colours in your head
didn't translate right upon application;
but you did always used to tell me that the neutral space
would help you unwind once the world had worn you down

i imagine the lives of the lovers who laid their bones here before us
the flaws of their love now laying dormant
like the burn marks of house fires hidden beneath the fresh wallpaper
now we too were ready to be painted over
completely forgotten about save for the scars we carry beneath our poorly fitted clothes

white rags tied to old bones that signal surrender without dignity
a defeat less gracious and more begrudged
because even children are capable of love; but we weren't
but we fucking weren't

scars are aching, storming my veins
i'm not afraid of the voices in my head

everyday it will rush back
it won't save you from the misery you hold tight
i can feel it in my chest
i no longer regret
i've been waiting for something for all this time
i know what you got undercover
there's lies around the corner
everything is so fake i just wanna leave it
'cause i'm feeling oppressed and i can't stand it any longer

'cause i can't feel any breath on my face
i'm so afraid of what's coming up next

don't cover up your skin
i know you well
your scars mean more than anything
i'm drowning in so deep
waves crashing down on me
i'm watching you breathing in
hey!

she is heartbreaking, holding my hands
don't run away i won't follow you again

and i'm afraid we've been lost in the dark
you know exactly all the words that hurt the most
we're living in your fears, we're faking it
show me your scars, it means much more to me

wake me up from this dream

'cause i can't feel any breath on my face
i'm so afraid of what's coming up next

don't cover up your skin
i know you well
your scars mean more than anything
i'm drowning in so deep
waves crashing down on me
i'm watching you breathing in

i'm watching you breathing in
hey!

i've seen it all before
i've never lied about everything we've got
let the heartless bleed
i guess that love is fantasy
everyday i'm talking like i'm begging for mercy
saying' "how the fuck things could be worse?" it's never been
you gave me nothing but some pain and regrets
now i'm done, everything we knew is turning into dust
do you know what it feels to fight against the man you're not?
it's a fantasy every night i'm falling away so wake me up
you said you've never been with me watching the sunset
you cut me open but nothing beat inside my chest
i've seen it all before
i've never lied about everything we've got
let the heartless bleed
i guess that love is a fantasy
this isn't what we want
will you wait to see me fall?
if the heartless bleed
i guess that love is a fantasy
this should be over it makes me sick
am i dreaming, am i living yet?
is this a part of me, a part of you? am i becoming insane?
take me out of this place
shut the fuck up
i don't know why you defined the rules
when everything i wanted was your darkest truth
you said you've never been with me watching the sunset
you cut me open but nothing beat inside my chest
i've seen it all before
i've never lied about everything we've got
let the heartless bleed
i guess that love is a fantasy
this isn't what we want
will you wait to see me fall?
if the heartless bleed
i guess that love is a fantasy
i don't know why why i'm there
everything that we had is blown away
it doesn't seem to be okay oh i'll find yeah i'll find another way
i can't rely on all of you
you're a ghost from the inside out
it just feels like i don't know you, underneath the fucking truth
this life is fantasy

will you show me the way, my heart is blistering
it's something that won't come easily

i've seen the rise and the fall
i see the lights buried deeper in my soul
i see your lies and you're
faking your smile with everything that you've got

i'll be the one, be the one
just let me in so i can fix what's broken
i see the cracks in your heart
you think you're better in the end but you're not

i've braved the worst
for what we used to be
a different person, the same skin
your eyes don't shine the same

will you show me the way, my heart is blistering
it's something that won't come easily
are you standing for something, somewhere
i'm waiting here in the nothingness
i'm calling your name but no one's listening

you bring the suffering in me
i'll never forgive you if i cannot forgive me
i can't remember how it led us here
don't get me wrong

i see your smile bringing the suffering
and what we used to be

and your eyes don't shine the same

will you show me the way, my heart is blistering
it's something that won't come easily
are you standing for something, somewhere
i'm waiting here in the nothingness
i'm calling your name but no one's listening

tell me are you even listening ?

say what you said to me
open your eyes you've never tried to see
many reasons why i've never stopped the bleed
you won't get the message nor the lines between

motherfucker
you won't get the message again

say what you said to me
open your eyes you've never tried to see
you won't get the message nor even the lines in between

it's so cold and frozen
and every bricks of the walls
are so close to falling appart

i've never loved you back
am i insane
oh, this world is too cold to be able to feel anything
tonight i'll love you the next i will not
the fuck is wrong, what are we looking for?
you can't pull me out of my mistakes
at the back of my mind, i can't see anything
my reminiscence of this life was fake
the more things change, the more they stay the same

it's so cold and frozen
and every bricks of the walls
are so close to falling apart
you never knew me
i'm on the edge of the world
swimming on the undertow

you can't pull me out
i'm swimming on the undertow
what the fuck is wrong with me
am i insane oh, this world is too cold to be able to feel...
am i finally finding my way?

it's so cold and frozen
and every bricks of the walls
are so close to falling apart
you never knew me
i'm on the edge of the world
swimming on the undertow

i feel this ice inside my narrow veins
my heart is so fucking cold
it freezes, but you will never know
take this frozen hell out of my chest
cause i can't live with it
hear me calling, i feel myself going down
words unspoken... are the only thing i've found
my heart's an iceberg
and i'm hurting everyone who's coming closer
so you should just leave me on my own

it's so cold and frozen...
i feel myself going down...
it's so cold and frozen...
undertow

here we go, we're back, put the bass up
it's a pain that i can't stand anymore
i remember the fear but i want to live my life the way that i've chosen to
get up!
i think i was afraid then, but didn't want to face it
my brain isn't fucked up yet
i can't even believe how long it fucking takes to shatter
it fucking takes to break
oh god you made me feel so worthless
i've started to become heartless
we're both falling to the ground and there will be no escape
stay away
you're faking all these tears
don't fuck with me
you've started to bring out the worst in me
i don't want it and i don't need
this is the worst of you and me
hold me tighter, i still breathe
no i can't believe everything you've done to me
struggling with some fears and second thoughts
it reminds me how fucking hard it is to find some relief
i wish i had forgotten every piece of you every reason
but you're kind of a ghost crawling deep inside my soul
and it's a whole new night for you and i
but the same nightmare that goes around
and i'm going to break every chain that binds us
all the things that keeps us down
you're faking all these tears
don't fuck with me
you've started to bring out the worst in me
i don't want it and i don't need
this is the worst of you and me
hold me tighter, i still breathe
no i can't believe everything you've done to me
don't watch me you have done enough
feel the shake in my own voice
so lonely... i know...
we are so lonely i know... we are...
you were looking for failures
you dug on the surface but you didn't go deeper
i remember the fears but your face is a ghost
don't say anything if you're afraid of what it costs
now i'm feeling is so tired
have we gone too far ?
tell me there is something that will never return
places become empty and so lonely again
cause this is the worst of you and me
you better wake me up but you're afraid of what it costs
tell me there is something that will never return
places becomes empty and so lonely again
don't say anything if you're afraid of what it costs
cause this is the worst of you and me

you left me under the rain
those mistakes will always be loved
cause i can hate you
overwhelmed by the promises you've made
i'll find another way, there's nothing left
you left me under the rain...
can we start all over again?
and you're walking all alone on this endless paradox
i need you all the same
it feels like i'm miles away...
yeah i'm holding on today
i'm still walking all alone and doing what i've never done
i keep singing that one song it never ends
you left me under the rain...
can we start all over again?
and you're walking all alone on this endless paradox
i need you all the same
you left me under the rain...
can we start all over again?

don't let me down
will i be there for you?
the worst is yet to come
it's not gonna be easy but we are stronger than you thought
oh, this world is not true, i won't try to go back home
i'm going nowhere, my doubt becomes your fear
tell them i sold my soul
don't let me down today
they are pissing me of and
i pray they're going to make a mistake
my head's fucked up and
i won't be the man you all wanted me to be
we are all sinking and there will be no escape
we've talked enough to say:
you're probably the worst thing inside my head
don't look away
this is the world of pain
you're lost and you're missing the whole concept
of you and me
it's not gonna be easy but we are stronger than you thought
this world is not true bwah i won't try to go back home. fighting to save ourselves. fuck
this is a world of fucking pain...
we've talked enough to say:
you're probably the worst thing inside my head
don't look away
this is the world of pain
you're lost and you're missing the whole concept
of you and me

yeah
yeah, i was not a man, just a little kid
but i've met you, and i've lost all my innocence
you convinced me that i was wrong
look at yourself, this is a wake up call
this is a wake up call, oh

i can't breathe from the deepest of my lungs, oh
you convinced me that i was wrong
thanks to you, now i am twice as strong
tell me why, tell me why
you didn't understand who i am, who i am?
i confess i had sins
but i tried to fight the best i can

please take me home, take me home, please take me home

please take me home since you forgot
you've never trust me, am i not enough?
i'm not leaving you
well, i guess there's something wrong

you were hiding the truth, you played with my heart
you trampled my youth, oh

we were caught in an endless circle
i won't be your guide, i won't be the guy you asked for
everything in here is spinning around
i'm drowning again, but i'm still hearing the sound of your fucking lies

please take me home since you forgot
you've never trust me, am i not enough?
i'm not leaving you
well, i guess there's something wrong
oh, yeah

it was cold, and it never felt like home
i can't breathe from the deepest of my lungs
i can't breathe
i can't breathe, ah, ooh
you're a lost cause

we missed the point
i would never understand who we are
cut me out entirely
you don't need anyone else you don't need anyone else
it's a war not a reckoning
i ain't no fake, i know you well i know you well
but you're still a stranger when it comes to me

lying under the sun crumbling every part of me part of me
this is not a game we used to play

we're falling away

i've been there once before, now it's falling away
this place is filled with lies, again
to the ground we throw, we throw it away throw it away
everything that we used to be
all that we used to be

you can't see me clearly
i've been lurking here in the dark
i barely know myself anymore
save me before i self destruct
you see me now
get the fuck out i'm neurotic
you see me now
losing my mind, losing my mind
this place is a lie
you cannot see through the dark, you ain't got eyes for me
this place is a lie
who is the person that i used to be

i've been there once before, now it's falling away
this place is filled with lies, again
to the ground we throw, we throw it away throw it away
everything that we used to be
all that we used to be

what should i do when it's over?
questions are blowing up all over my brain
will it be darker or brighter?
do i remember your name or your colors?
so i break these chains
i hold my breath but i can't believe it's real

the voices remains the same
because we clearly not became
something that we can be proud of
are we the men that we used to pretend?

i know the faces around me
are they lost and buried in my memories
and i'm looking for something more than this

am i the man that i use to pretend?
am i dreaming or not
sometimes it feels like you'll never respond

the voices remains the same
because we clearly not became
but we can try to go forward
and be the person we used to pretend

i know the faces around me
are they lost and buried in my memories
and i'm looking for something more than this

i wish for better days
oh, god it's such a lonely and empty place
i believe i can find my wasted memories
and will you remember me?
this world is not the best we've ever made
i wonder if i can trust in every word you said
and will you remember me?

this is the way we lived
these words are meaningless
and everything there reminds me of these days
after all that we've built, it's unfair
everything that we loved is away
and after all we've done
why do i feel like you can't bring it back home
and after all we've done
i need to know
on my own, i can't feel anything else anymore
on my own, oh this fucking pain goes on
where are we today
are we blind or honest, liars or affraid
after all that we've built, it's unfair
everything that we loved is away
and after all we've done
why do i feel like you can't bring it back home
and after all we've done
i can see the breath of my mistakes
can you feel the pulses on my chest
where are we today
are we blind or honest, liars or affraid
are we walking on the same way
on my own i still can feel this pain
these words are meaningless
and after all we've done
like you can't bring it back home

you've never deserved this love that you're turning into pain
just give it back, we are the result of your mistakes
i'll keep on dreaming, even if it's in vain
i don't believe in any word you said
i'm feeling hollow inside
am i just hollow?

i don't know myself anyway
dreams turning into nightmares
i know i'll never be the same
oh, i leave the worst part of me
oh, i'm trying hard, so hard to forget
oh, i'm trying hard, but i'm lost in the way

now that we are face to face
tell me what's coming up next
we'll still fall apart again
this story is never ending
so just hold my hand never go away
oh, i'm trying hard, but i'm lost in the way

i'm falling away, and i'm giving up on ourselves
i'm waiting for somebody else to tell
me how love was back then
oh, me how love was back then
oh, me how love was back then

now that i scream at your name
i can't find you anywhere
oh, i'm trying hard, so hard to forget
oh, i'm trying hard, but i'm lost in the way

i'm falling away, and i'm giving up on ourselves
i'm waiting for somebody else to tell
me how love was back then
oh, me how love was back then
oh, me how love was back then

and i'm trying so hard waiting for somebody else
tell me how, tell me what's coming up next
i'm not the same

do you ever find another one?
do you ever feel alive?
oh, alive
oh, alive
i could fix you for tonight

do you ever find another one?
do you ever feel alive?
oh, alive
oh, alive
i could fix you for tonight

do you ever find another one?
do you ever feel alive?
oh, alive
oh, alive
i could fix you for tonight

i remember being drowned into water
it's cold and it's warm my head is burning like fire
fuck that
i cannot fight with a ghost
we slowly turned ourselves into what we hated the most
i keep my feet on the ground
i'm lost, but i'm trying to find my way to the crowd
goddamn
every person i know, faking everything
but you cannot hide emptiness within your smile

facing reality, and never been so blind
and my worst enemy, can feel it down my spine

cause you can be like all the others
and never look around the corner
don't want be like them, but i can't save you all the time
everything is getting colder
feels like the whole world on my shoulders
yeah, all that we see outside is just a sign
that we're all dead inside

sinking deeper and deeper
i can feel the pressure
but i can't feel any fears, yeah
feels like everyone is sleeping
buried their feels because they're afraid of talking

cause you can be like all the others
and never look around the corner
don't want be like them but i can't save you all the time
everything is getting colder
feels like the whole world on my shoulders
yeah, all that we see outside is just a sign
that we're all dead inside

i can feel it coming, crawling my spine
i can't fake it now i better be blind
they surround me and i have no place to hide
but in the end we're all dead inside

cause you can be like all the others
and never look around the corner
don't want be like them but i can't save you all the time
everything is getting colder
feels like the whole world on my shoulders
yeah, all that we see outside is just a sign
that we're all dead inside

i can feel something crawling beneath our skin
"you better pull it out"
you're not big enough to have my respect
we, the voice of passion, the voice of youth
we're the wrong generation and we have to prove
overwhelming by the sins you've introduced
that we never lose the fight against your rules
promise me the worst, i'll be standing and never lose
motherfucker i don't even know you
i will cross every line that you drew
because i'm about to close this open door
of what we have become
yeah i know that we've seen it all before
you've got my back against the wall
we better forget but you know that we can't forgive
in front of me, i cannot see the world like it is supposed to be. i'll build my faith no matter what is yours
because i'm about to close this open door
of what we have become
yeah i know that we've seen it all before
you've got my back against the wall
have you ever seen it before?
my back against the wall
yeah we are the voice of your passion
we're the youth, the wrong generation
i'll be standing right here and never lose
yeah we keep fighting against your rules
we are the youth
we better pull it out

false reality!

don't be so blind, we are nothing at all
everything is fake and i can't stand it anymore
it's been a torture, ha! being so wrong
feeling like i'm no one, and everyone at once
living life through the eyes of others
being trapped when i lose my composure
everybody pretend
bury the truth so they can fake themselves

it's all fake and no one cares
all is fake and no one cares

if you show me a sign i'll never look away
we've lost the feeling, lost the meaning anyway
throw me away into a different world
you've dug your grave into this false reality

yeah, had to move
i said i was fine, i was lying to you
we knew for a fact it wasn't shatterproof
but we acted like no one knew
see the cries
see the rubble
i don't want to feel that forever
everyday i fight against your rules
everyday another lie about you
everyday's another fake life
everyday i fight against your rules
i don't want to feel that forever
wake the fuck up it's now or never

it's all fake and no one cares
all is fake and no one cares

if you show me a sign i'll never look away
we've lost the feeling, lost the meaning anyway
throw me away into a different world
you've dug your grave into this false reality

see the cries
see the rubble
see the lies
see me crumble
everyday is like another mistake
i'll never fade away
your lies are for ever
throw me in a different world

i've never been so afraid before
you say you've never ceased
to think of all that i've endured
are you kidding me?

everything was a mess
i don't even want to remember your name

and i could throw it away
it doesn't matter to me

and the blood's stopped pumping trough my veins
my body's got scars outside and in

i will remember
you know we cannot forget the pain
you'll be forgotten
you know that imma pull this trigger now, just to say that i'm alive

it's all about you
tell me it's worth it
it never seems to be the love that we wanted
don't know if it's true
i'll never be like them
did you ever wonder who we used to be?

your voices are haunting me
did you ever wonder who we used to be?

it's all about you
tell me it's worth it
it never seems to be the love that we wanted
don't know if it's true
i'll never be like them
did you ever wonder who we used to be
yeah, did you ever wonder who we used to be?

you take it all away, on and on and know i lose my head
things are falling apart, you'll never see me there and you was...
all alone i can't face you
give me the strength to be there
all alone i can't leave you
this isn't me this means everything
and you will never be the end of us all
i can feel the world it's spinning around
everything is getting out of control
oh, i can feel the world, it's spinning around
i've never been there when you was alone
i've never been there when you was
and you will never be the end of us all
i can feel the world, it's spinning around
everything is getting out of control
oh, i can feel the world, it's spinning around
heartbeat on my chest are woke up i don't back away
i guess you leave me no choice
and i'll be what i am supposed to be
yeah, i shake the trees and i must conclude
and i know i just don't back away
i haven't realized, we better fucking live

storming through the party like my name was el nino
when i'm hanging out drinking in the back of an el camino
as a kid, i was a skid and no one knew me by name
trashed my own house party 'cause nobody came

i know i'm not the one you thought you knew back in high school
never going, never showing up when we had to
attention that we crave, don't tell us to behave
i'm sick of always hearing "act your age"

i don't want to waste my time
become another casualty of society
i'll never fall in line
become another victim of your conformity
and back down

because you don't
know us at all we laugh when old people fall
but what would you expect with a conscience so small
heavy metal and mullets it's how we were raised
maiden and priest were the gods that we praised

cause we like having fun at other peoples expense and
cutting people down is just a minor offense then
it's none of your concern, i guess i'll never learn
i'm sick of being told to wait my turn

i don't want to waste my time
become another casualty of society
i'll never fall in line
become another victim of your conformity
and back down

don't count on me, to let you know when
don't count on me, i'll do it again
don't count on me, it's the point you're missing
don't count on me, cause i'm not listening

well i'm a no-goodnick lower middle class brat
back packed and i don't give a shit about nothing
you be standing on the corner talking all that kerfluffin'
but you don't make sense from all the gas you be huffing
then if the egg don't stain, you'll be ringing off the hook
you're on the hit list, wanted in the telephone book
i like songs with distortion, to drink in proportion
the dentist said my mom should have had an abortion

i don't want to waste my time
become another casualty of society
i'll never fall in line
become another victim of your conformity
and back down
waste my time with them
casualty of society
waste my time again
victim of your conformity
and back down

where are we supposed to go?
in a place of lies haunted by your shadow?
everyone's trying to get out somehow
finding blindly their path until now
and i'm asking "why?"
my heart stopped beating somehow
as if the world is going blind, bringing us down
you cannot hide the truth i know you
will you be somewhere i can find you
and i don't know what it'll takes to bring it back
is this what i want, is it something i'll regret
everyone i've loved caused every pain i've known
i'll do this on my own
look at the mirror, tell me what you see
trying to hold this pain
you've broken my heart and now you watch it bleed
your lips curled in disdain
this is not a curse, will you wait alone in your bed?
when everything turns to dust
you're faking your sayings, i'm watching your failures
you're giving me nothing, you've buried your feels
it goes deeper and deeper
into the darkness of your fucking world
and it's hard to tell
you're still breathing but it's like you're dead
will you realize that you are the ghost you're afraid of
and it's hard to tell
you're still breathing but it's like you're dead
you cannot hide the truth i know you
will you be somewhere i can find you
no i don't feel nothing
don't scorn me
cause you're lying to me
don't scorn me
now you're dead to me
i don't feel nothing cause you're fucking dead to me
look at the mirror, tell me what you see
trying to hold this pain
you've broken my heart and now you watch it bleed
your lips curled in disdain

my head's like broken glass
smashed across the floor
i know it's sharp to walk on
and baby i want more
don't take take that way back
the road along my past
don't take take that way back

there's a knocking at my door, and i'm really lost for words
there's a feeling in my skin so i'm tryna' let you in
there's an echo in bones, it's a feeling i don't know
and i'm lost in you

come, come a little closer
dream, dream a little louder

i met the lie in my heart
she offered me a dance
skin as white as porcelain
i took her hand
don't take take that way back
the road along my past
don't take take that way back

there's a knocking at my door, and i'm really lost for words
there's a feeling in my skin so i'm tryna' let you in
there's an echo in bones, it's a feeling i don't know
and i'm lost in you

say a prayer and i'll find you
i'm not short of a lie
take me home and i'll hide you
say a prayer and i'll find you
i'm not short of a lie
take me home and i'll hide you
say a prayer and i'll find you
i'm not short of a lie
cut the guilt from inside you
i'll be there to sharpen the knife

come a little closer, closer
dream, dream a little louder
cut the waste and burn me out
come a little closer
dream a little louder

so i'm staring at the night, while i'm bleeding here to die
barely holding on to life and i've never felt this light
there's a burning in your eye. as you calmly drink your wine
and i'm scared i'll lose my mind
yeah i'm scared i'll lose my mind
sip poison as you planned
the liar's sleight of hand
i blindly 'talk your talk'
as your smile stains my thoughts
pray i fade
paint the coward, that's your game
chase my fate
hold your breath and lay the blame
you
we look to the sun, we stare for hours
we sing to the moon, we chase desire
we run for the stars to spark a fire
and we run, and we run and it burns like hell
now you're staring at the man, cos' the boy can't understand
no he never stood a chance

sing a hymn and break your bread, you coward
take a knee and drink despair
swallow toxic misery

can't play my part again
collapse and mould again
to lay our souls to rest
rebuke your innocence

and so i know, just where to go
another hell to call my home
so can you feel the ebb and flow?
another hell to make my own

while you hold me by the throat
just know i grip you by your mind
i spun the game on you this time
twist me in your fantasy

can't play my part again
collapse and mould again
to lay our souls to rest
rebuke your innocence

and so i know, just where to go
another hell to call my home
so can you feel the ebb and flow?
another hell to make my own

can't play my part again
collapse and mould again
to lay our souls to rest
rebuke your innocence

lay your head on my chest
here in our bed
speak now here in your sleep
secrets abreast
feel the warmth of your voice
sing in my ear
take me back to the start
tear us apart

refuse and use, just use me
to kill, abuse our "could be"
i don't know now what's left to lose

bittersweet success
here in our mess
know just what to expect
hide from what's next
hold your hips and confess
lost in your legs
numb those thoughts in your head
hold me instead

refuse and use, just use me
to kill, abuse our "could be"
i don't know now what's left to lose
refuse and use, just use me
you'd kill to choose to lose me
i know that you will steal my heart

so take my love and run
and break my heart in two
if i can't trace your steps
then leave me just a half
leave me just a half

refuse and use, just use me
to kill abuse i could be
i don't know now, what's left to lose?
refuse and use, just use me
you'd kill to choose to lose me
i know that you will steal my heart

i know that you will break my

hold me down so i can move
close your eyes, just listen
wear my heart upon your sleeve
and try to leave my prison

twist and quake my soul to wake
and lift the hurt inside you
be the one i don't deserve
i broke my word and lost you

if heaven's got a second to waste on me
then take it from my scars and let me bleed

lead me back from my fall
rip the skin from my flesh
bid my eyes, take my flesh
bid my eyes, take my flesh

lock me up and hold the key
as long as i don't lose you
be my scars or bear the lance
i promise to complete you

if heaven's got a second to waste on me
then take it from my scars and let me bleed

lead me back from my fall
rip the skin from my flesh
bid my eyes, take my breath
bid my eyes, take my breath

lead me back from my fall
rip the skin from my flesh
bid my eyes, take my breath
rip my heart from my chest

lead me back from my fall
rip the skin from my flesh
bid my eyes, take my breath
rip my heart from my chest
bid my eyes, take my breath

lead me back from my fall
rip the skin from my flesh
bid my eyes, take my breath
bid my eyes, take my breath

tie up my boots, and walk in the heat
try to take a breath your words cut deep
your shadow, your shadow holds my chains
tug on those strings and pull out my teeth
never gonna' go out quietly
your shadow, your shadow's screaming down my hallway
cold
thought i'd be the one there by your side
feelings that i know but cannot hide
over and over, my heart on my sleeve
over and over, i'm struggling to breathe
dress my wounds, and hide your sword
wish that i'd strike but i'm not yours
your shadow, your shadow can't tame me
curse my name, and cast your spells
read my palm, walk out of hell
your shadow, your shadow's screaming down my hallway.
hold
thought i'd be the one there by your side
feelings that i know but cannot hide
over and over my heart on my sleeve
over and over i'm struggling to breathe
thought i'd be the one here by your side
i guess i was blind, yeah i guess i was blind

fall asleep into my dream
you know exactly what i mean
lay with me out here tonight
flow from darkness to light
swore you'd always take your time
both we know you didn't try
push us back from both our minds
lay back down and try to hide
silo, shake my bones
silo, let me go
silo, make me whole
drag you down again
weave you in my web
wish i never ran away
free from you but here to stay
all your poison left me numb
venom's eyes: turn and run
silo, shake my bones
silo, let me go
silo, make me whole
drag you down again
weave you in my web
weave you in my web
you take my sight
left to my thoughts
i loved you blind
i broke away to set you off
we had a truce and i broke it
fall asleep
save my dream

run away
fall asleep, save my dreams
you always know exactly what i mean
you take my sight
left to my thoughts
i loved you blind but i gave it up
i broke away to set you off
we had a truce and i broke it off
we had a truce and i broke it off
i broke it
you take my sight
left to my thoughts
i loved you blind and i gave it
i broke away to set you off
we had a truce
i broke it off

cold hard kiss, underwater
cold split second, know i'm drowning away
cold hard kiss, frozen over
cold split second, know i'm drowning away

and i close my eyes

speak now and speak now
i know that you're falling apart
to reach out and reach out
see i know that you're falling apart
to let it out
all my talk is cheap my baby
speak now and speak now, i know you're falling

i'm just another classic run away
another cult thriller
another cult killer

and i close my eyes

sit down in the shade of our family tree
we stay and we pray down here on our knees
but these holes in my hands can't catch your tears
your son once had, but you refused to hear
still, you come and you go just how you please
i'll walk out the door and teach you how to leave
these holes in my hands can't catch your tears
your son once had, but you refuse to hear
these holes in my hands can't catch your tears
your son once had, but you refuse to hear
these holes in my hands can't catch your tears
your son once had, but you refuse to leave
these holes in my hands can't catch your tears
your son once had, will teach you how to leave

speak now, little one
tell the tale of what you've grown
and angels didn't know
your papa's smile, your mother's eyes
so sad
you let them down, you're on the ground so run

speak now, little one
tell the tale of why you've come
a sweet life, you cut it down
they won't see what you've become
your papa's smile, your mother's eyes
so sad
you let them down, you're on the ground so run

there's something wrong with me
i'll trade it for your wings
this world's not meant for me
there's something wrong with me
i'll trade it for your wings
it's just not meant for me
i want to keep my halo
there's something wrong with me
there's something wrong with me
there's something wrong with me
there's something wrong with me

tell the tale of why you've come
tell the tale of why you've come
tell the tale of why you've come
tell the tale of why you've come
welcome home, you're free to run
so run, so run, so run son

throw you aside, out of my mind
so much easier to throw you off
test me once i'll spite you twice
say i'm wrong but know i'm right
push and pull me to your side
spit your wishes one more time
and for a time we walked the same line
i can't bear the guilt you brought to me
test me once i'll spite you twice
say i'm wrong but know i'm right
push and pull me to your side
i feel you spit your wishes one more time
you need to know i'm a careless man
to break the code i'll forget your name
i'm the heart of your lie, we're paying the price
i'm on my own, to see myself
be free from me
test me once i'll spite you twice
say i'm wrong but know i'm right
push and pull me to your side
spit your wishes one more time
test me once i'll spite you twice
say i'm wrong but know i'm right
push and pull me to your side
spit your wishes one more time
you need to know i'm a careless man
to break the code i'll forget your name
i'm the heart of your lie, now we're paying the price
i'm on my own, to see myself
be free from me
be free from me
be free from me
oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh

walk away, yeah walk away
you stole my heart and let me drown
taste the kill, the silent thrill
i promise i won't make a sound
stole my heart and let me drown
left me here, you left me here
promise i won't make a sound
left me here, you let me down
walk away, yeah walk away now

kiss my spirit and see my heart.
reached for the heavens, but tasted blood.
all the while my mind's at ease.
but my soul feels like it can hardly breathe.
you're the ghost that's in my dreams,
but you won't try to haunt me.
come alive. everything i pictured you to be, one of a kind.
come alive. everything i thought i'd need to be to catch your eye.
seek my stature and taste my trust.
speak of the vision that frees your past.
all the while my mind's at ease.
but this soul feels like it can hardly breathe.
you're the ghost that's in my dreams. but you won't try to haunt me.
love me and leave me, i know that i'm dreaming when i sing your song.

come see the fears, the thoughts behind those eyes.
try to hide the tears and walk by your side.
broken and scorned, blood spills on the floor.
come break my fall and strengthen this heart.
be the skin to my bones, take all that's left to bare.
come take my all, my alabaster jar.
come think about the pain that pierced this soul.
come refuse the hate and make me whole.
stole the world beneath my feet.
this heart beats forgiveness through clenched teeth.

secrets exposed, i'm starving for the truth.
knife to my pride, i'm bleeding out for you.
draw me out but shade my view.
call me out.
losing this, i'm losing you.
carried away amidst the noise.
i wish i was brave, traverse the void.
scream aloud so i can find you, hunt me down i'll never hide you.
carve your name upon my heart so you can keep me in your arms.
whisper promise in my ear, grant my trust and burn my fears.

counterfeit, you're a fake, i won't let you take my name.
counterfeit, get out of my way.
i will never be the same.
counterfeit, you're a fake.
i won't let you take my name.

a seasoned sky; rose-velvet colours.
a disguise of blackened structures.

we all miss out when you don't stand in your shoes.
i need you to be you, which life will you choose?

lay the lie deep to rest.
i tried my best.

mirrors shatter amidst the struggle, cracked reflections; your true colours.
mirrors shatter amidst the struggle, rippled puddles of your true colours.
yell at the sun, pray it stands still.
treasure the love, arch to my will.
bury the diamonds, so what that i'm gold?
bury the diamonds; our stories never told.
as passions grow our colours show.
creep on through the cracks until you can't go back.
shipwrecked heart, burdened soul.
still love will keep me whole.

sand flows through a cracked hourglass.
let's just hope that time still lasts.
i spent it all on my past.
my darkest side, the brightest angle.
honest life, fire to this candle.
sand flows through a cracked hourglass.
make the most while time still lasts.
i'm leading the fall, my weakness and all my strength.
the snake, so cunning.
heart be my elixir.
break the stalemate plaguing my mind.

walk straight through the storm, conquered and torn.
steadfast you walk.
it feels like you're walking on water.
time to look over your shoulder.
it's you, this taste of truth.
and i refuse to lie to you.
won't lie to you.
you're trapped in your thoughts.
i free the lion's roar.
so trapped in your thoughts.
free the lion's roar.
running on water, no feet on the ground.
armed with the foresight, they want me to drown.
trapped in your thoughts.
free the lion's roar.

freezing the frostbite.
season felt so right.
i can't sleep out in this cold.

try to keep my wings nailed to the ground.
valhalla.
safe and sound; i'm heaven bound.

a thousand eyes line my sights still yours set me free.
self-confined fears of mine, cast straight out of me.

rocks through the window, wake up to war.
dreams lie in fragments to settle the score.

i watch the clock hands go by, time after time
i dream of leaving this place
if i could leave the past behind
then i would just fade away, and cease to exist
well, it would cleanse all my pain
it's a shame that i ever lived

the devil on my shoulder, he whispers to me
and dribbles such a never-ending cacophony
into my ear to blind the joy that tries to reach out to me
such a dulcet suffering, why can't anyone see?
penance: a lesson in misery

you studied my rise as you watched my fall
i wrote my love in the cracks of the cracks of the wall
you'll read that "dying in vain, it was as good as it looked"
in a forget-me-not written in the spine of a book

i've wasted my time falling in love
with the thought of falling in love with someone
am i killing time, or killing myself?
i think i'm killing myself sometimes, oh
penance: a lesson in misery
penance: a lesson in misery

you studied my rise as you watched my fall
i wrote my love in the cracks of the cracks of the wall
you'll read that "dying in vain, it was as good as it looked"
in a forget-me-not written in the spine of a book

well, i could never grow trees
still, i planted my seeds
sadly, you will see, eternal sunshine won't blossom me

i am enough to feel happiness and love
it's hard to say out loud, "i deserve to be happy now"
well, i deserve to be happy now
you, penance: a lesson in misery
well, i deserve to be happy now

the echo of your goodbye lingers like a shadow
how can i make you stay a little longer?
stay a little longer
stay a little longer

blinded by the look in your eyes
if the world's on fire, i still won't mind
romantic stagnancy was softly killing me
it's fine for me if it's fine for you
stick around and we'll see this through
moonlit misery sounded great to me

but, as the ocean ebbs and flows
your love... it comes and goes

the echo of your goodbye, it lingers like a shadow
and how can i make you stay a little longer?
stay a little longer
stay a little longer

you are just a heaven, deaf to what i say
hell will surely listen, but it never feels the same
you are just a heathen, blind to what i see
this spontaneity makes me want to leave

but as the ocean ebbs and flows
your love... it comes and goes

the echo of your goodbye, it lingers like a shadow
and how can i make you stay a little longer?
stay a little longer
stay a little longer

moonless midnight - i'll drown inside your dark deluge for my whole life
pitch-black sunshine - you waste up all my daylight, and i'm so tired

the echo of your goodbye, it lingers like a shadow
and how can i make you stay a little longer?
stay a little longer
it lingers like a shadow

if sleep's the cousin of death
relieve me of all of my stress
i've been waiting for you to put me to rest

two for joy, one for sorrow
she said "i loved you yesterday, but i can't love you tomorrow"

the gentle hands of time tie your hands to mine
once love is canonised, the spark you once had dies
you've been waiting, to wake from the neverend

two for joy, one for sorrow
she said "i loved you yesterday, but i can't love you tomorrow"
too little, too late is all that i will ever be
when you sleep forever, dream of me

when all is said and done
we ache in unison
your absence - bittersweet
it lingers, always

me and you were joy
i am sorrow
she said "i loved you yesterday, but i can't love you tomorrow"
too little, too late is all that i will ever be
when you sleep forever, dream of me

i hope you find your piece
your piece of mind has always brought me peace
and i could really use your time
so write love on your arms, or carve it into your palms
i see the world has broke you and you don't deserve more harm

you are the cause and cure to your own pain
you are the eye and the hurricane
i see the pain in your face
you will find a home, you will find a place

entertaining death is such a fruitless endeavour
you want to die today, you don't wanna die forever
hold close, the ones you love
sovereignty is never enough

you are the cause and cure to your own pain
you are the eye and the hurricane
i see the pain in your face
you will find a home, you will find a place

the answers are etched into your own palms
you are the storm and you are the calm
i see the shell in your place
you will find a home, you will find a place

it's ink in your skin, it's time passing by
it's permanent just like a dead man's goodbye
it's ink in your skin, it's time passing by
it's permanent just like a dead man's goodbye

it has a certain ring - "love's a funny thing"

you're always watching me everywhere, i know
moving on is hard when you don't want to let go
like the homesick caribou must return to the snow
i'll find you in another life, i hope
and though i'm not religious, i've been shaking hands with jesus

when i am finally dead
maybe i'll come back as someone else
and after all this pain
i can love you in the end
"you're someone i'll find"
it wasn't a lie
and after all this time
your love has ruined my life
your love has ruined my life

the world is brimming with life, and i'm so alone
my heart is bursting with love, and where does it go?
where does it go?

when i am finally dead
maybe i'll come back as someone else
and after all this pain
i can love you in the end
"you're someone i'll find"
it wasn't a lie
and after all this time
your love has ruined my life

how can i live my life deprived of your love, of your love?

will i ever heal? i just don't know...
but without you, the open world feels so closed
will i ever heal? i just don't know...
but without you, the open world feels so closed

when i am finally dead
maybe i'll come back as someone else
and after all this pain
i can love you in the end
"you're someone i'll find"
it wasn't a lie
after all this time
your love has ruined my life

will i ever heal? i just don't know...
but without you, the open world feels so closed
will i ever heal? i just don't know...
but without you, the open world feels so closed
your love has ruined my life

the perfect cadence that i wish i could complete
you take me by surprise and sweep me off my feet
i've spent a lifetime thinking you and i should meet
you're in my eye line every time i dream

here's the thing... you make my heart sing

cecilia, i've lost your love
i've given up, i've had enough
saint cecilia, i tried my best but in the end nothing ever was enough
i've given up

nowadays, i am nailed to your stave
i used to sleep for days - now i'm wide awake
what is there for you to do
when the thing that you live for is dying beside you?
that's the thing - you break my heartstrings

cecilia, i've lost your love
i've given up, i've had enough
saint cecilia, i tried my best but in the end nothing ever was enough
i've given up

here's the thing...
i tried my best but in the end nothing ever was enough
i've given up

"could you fade away just as quickly as you came?
you're a burnt bouquet
there's nothing left to say
simply dissipate, dissolve or just decay
you're a burnt bouquet
there's nothing left for me to say"

hold me now for a little bit
burn it down, get it over with
if i admit that our lives were doomed to entwine
i'd turn back the time for your peace of mind
hold me now, for a little bit
the love that we watched wilt

"could you fade away just as quickly as you came?
you're a burnt bouquet
there's nothing left to say"

hold me now for a little bit
burn it down, get it over with
if i admit that our lives were doomed to entwine
i'd turn back the time for your peace of mind
hold me now for a little bit
the love that we watched wilt

whenever i see the tapestry your blessed hands had wove for me
the poetry, the misery
it all meant so, so much to me
just give me a lobotomy and cure these things inside of me, and maybe i can be free to love you for an eternity
if in another life my heart is beating fine and love is on my mind... you'll be the first in line
whenever i see the tapestry your blessed hands had wove for me
the poetry, the misery
it all meant so, so much to me
just give me a lobotomy and cure these things inside of me, so maybe i can be free to love you for an eternity

whenever i see the tapestry your blessed hands had wove for me
the poetry, the misery
it all meant so, so much to me
just give me a lobotomy and cure these things inside of me, so maybe i can be free to love you for an eternity

some kind of doubt poisons my mind
some kind of hope we struggle to find
dreams die young, so don't forget to chase them

the devil on my shoulder hums an old drone
my fingertips are just blood, nerve, and bone
i'm seeking solace in the promise
that there is more to life than this

all of the blood, sweat, and tears
i shed to drown out the fears

it's been a thousand weeks of grinding my teeth
the salt of the earth has started tasting bittersweet
a silver spoon will only choke you in your sleep
i earned my heart, i'm proud of every beat
and if you hear through the grapevine
that i fell from a great height
the fire in my heart has lived a lifetime
so i don't mind, no, i don't mind
i'm still here to make my loved ones proud
to make everyone who ever walked away, turn around
from dust we must return to the ground
you owe it to yourself, you are eternally bound
to face the facts and face the truth
that the hand that you're dealt is determined by you
and if the breath in your lungs isn't reason to sing
realise you're enough, you are everything

the devil on my shoulder hums an old drone
my fingertips are just blood, nerve, and bone
i'm seeking solace in the promise
that there is more to life than this

and if you hear through the grapevine that i fell from a great height
the fire in my heart has lived a lifetime
so i don't mind, no, i don't mind

all of the blood, sweat, and tears
i shed to drown out the fears

over and over again
blessed are the beasts that we make of ourselves
over and over again
over and over again and again and again

it was your palms and your feet, and every single thing between
we were an easy thing to do - i enthused over you
but melancholia... insomnia... saudade - they had me
it's hard to forget i'm looking back on a time, when every beat in your heart was beating for mine

you had the world at your feet and you kicked it back at me
i had a hole in my heart, and you didn't have the decency to wait and see
between the devil and the deep blue sea
between the angels and infinity
there is a hideaway, a place to be for me
and when i'm better you can set me free

it's safe to say that you were mine - a songbird to a morning sunrise
and how i miss my spotless mind, i lost it to the twilight
much like our love, a songbird always flies without regret
and even after everything, we perished when the sun set

you had the world at your feet and you kicked it back at me
i had a hole in my heart, and you didn't have the decency to wait and see
between the devil and the deep blue sea
between the angels and infinity
there is a hideaway, a place to be for me
and when i'm better you can set me free

every blind spot and every nicety, i learned about your heart...
i watched them perish before me

"tell me something i don't know"
it sits inside my mind
i feel it in my bones
a sign of the times
i sat in your life with nowhere to hide, and still you couldn't find me
maybe you could find me somewhere else that i could be

everything you said to me... how was i to know?
that when you said goodbye, you let me go

all of the time we wasted feels like a life ago
if i failed you, then you're better off alone
i still see you in monochrome

we're stuck in a place and time
we can't intertwine the rhythm and rhyme
so, what's the use of trying when our thoughts just don't align?

everything you said to me on the telephone
when you said goodbye, you let me go

all of the time we wasted feels like a life ago
if i failed you, then you're better off alone
i still see you in monochrome

you're all i see
you're haunting me
the colours glow
a lifetime ago

all of the time we wasted feels like a life ago
if i failed you, then you're better off alone
i still see you in monochrome
i still see you in monochrome

two palms to hold, two feet to follow
a soul in need of love... a heart that's still too hollow
i've waited and waited just a lifetime for this
i hope it's true what they say. "love changed everything"

oh love, i'm giving up on you
oh love, there's nothing i could do
oh love, i'm giving up on you
oh love, there's nothing i could do

just like a deaf man cannot hear you, and a blind man cannot see - i've waited and waited for my whole life... love just doesn't work on me
you could walk the world, and end up here. the earth was never flat
a broken clock still gets it right. i'm holding on to that

"love changed everything"
"love changed everything"

oh, love, i'm giving up on you
oh love, there's nothing i could do
oh, love, i'm giving up on you
oh love, there's nothing i could do

if i could leave my life behind, in a heartbeats time, to try and find the poetry behind all of this
everything

i'll pray until my hands are red
i'm tired of enduring dread
i'll pray to god that there's even a god, but until then, heaven knows

i'll pray until my knees are numb
ashamed of all that i've become
i'll pray that there's a heaven at all
but until then, heaven knows

i write to you in my time of need
to grow a tree, and to plant a seed
are different things entirely
i never found my "place", you see
but everything you said to me, consoled me

i'm still alive in all i've touched
to everyone i've ever loved: don't look at me with regret
i hope you never forget that
every mistake's an ache, after all
you have to rise before you fall

i'm broken and i'm so tired
everything you said to me, consoled me

i'm still alive in all i've touched
to everyone i've ever loved: don't look at me with regret
i hope you never forget that
every mistake's an ache, after all
you have to rise before you fall

heaven knows, if there's a heaven at all

if there's a heaven at all... heaven knows
heaven knows

bittersweet remedy - heal me
i've tried to be everything you need of me

i'm not holding my breath, i know that ruin merely rests
i can feel it pressed against my chest
like a virus, i've tried to find us, a way out of this hole
with my hands pressed against my nose
i'm trying to be holy, but i still don't feel whole
i'm trying to be holy, but i still don't feel whole

can't you see that it's haunting me, every night when i try to sleep?
i'm so weak
burdened by the epiphany that misery's periphery won't let me be

the grass is always greener when you live in black and white
i try to close my eyes, imagine everything's alright
but honey like an arrow, sewn into a quiver
it's in my marrow, it's in my liver
you watch me wilt away like a flower without rain
there's nothing you can do, honey, please just look away

i am nailed to this cross, and i must carry it alone
i'd ask you to hold my hands but they're worn to the bone

can't you see that it's haunting me, every night when i try to sleep?
i'm so weak
burdened by the epiphany
that misery's periphery won't let me be

bittersweet remedy - leave me

its shadow follows me
i try to fall asleep

fall asleep
i try to fall asleep

i look to you
like a moth to candlelight, you're all that occupies my mind
i'll find you soon
somewhere at the bottom, i have nowhere left to crawl

do something, i'm fading
hold me close and let this be my tomb
say something, i'm losing
hope that we can ever move on through

like gravity, it's pulling me
your remedies are lost on me
and i can't see the light at the end of the tunnel
the end of the tunnel

i'm bruised and blue
every time i sleep at night, i feel the daisies hold my eyes
what can i do?
it's hard to run away from all the problems inside you

do something, i'm fading
tie the noose and drain me like a wound
say something, i'm losing
hope that we can ever move on through

gravity is pulling me
your remedies are lost on me
and i can't see the light at the end of the tunnel

i've got clouds, you've got halos
shut my eyes, where do the days go?
so tired from making the climb
that i can't enjoy the view
i'm begging you
do something, say something
i'm fading, i'm losing
the one thing i can't afford to lose

like gravity, it's pulling me
your remedies are lost on me
and i can't see the light at the end of the tunnel
the end of the tunnel

we began just an orchid
"you will bloom through the mud, kid"
timeless, we knew of no day and night
i blew away like notus
fell asleep like a lotus
our love divided, hiatus
i could never grow to hate us

marigold, you'll never know
marigold, you'll never know

i was up all hours
"you never bought me flowers"
to me, acacia ingrained
we grew farther as it rained

marigold, you'll never know
marigold, you'll never know

now just a corpse, we carry on
we're nothing more than carrion
years later, minutes feel like hours
as you wilt away, my wallflower

marigold, you'll never know
marigold

the light just blinks, the drill drills on
it blinds my eyes until the light is gone

just another day in the dark
just another day my hopeless heart is bleeding out
when will time run out?

i know that pain may be simply temporary
but when will the daylight come for me?

just another day in the dark
just another day my beating heart falls from my mouth
when will time run out?

we spend our lives trying to chase the sun, but every day it sets
and we're plunged into darkness once again
misery has a duality
misery has a duality in me
just one last question before i leave
is this terminal, or will i heal?

i know that pain may be simply temporary
but when will the daylight come for me?

of all the things in life that are not mine
i solely crave a well mind
i've spent yet another summer night
questioning if joy is a birth-right
through all the hardships and the darker times
you try your best just to survive
and when i close my eyes on life in time
i'll see the last of the evening light
the last of the evening light

i'm the mortal coil wrapped around your finger at the end of every day
pushing daisies through your letterbox never helped me find a way

you've given up on the things that you told me to believe in
i remember the look on your face when you told me you were leaving

i'm a sinner
things are never gonna be the same
you're my compass-spinner
still, you keep my heart trapped inside of your birdcage

i'm the mortal coil wrapped around your finger at the end of every day
i'll keep persisting like a stubborn weed through the debris and grow

i've given up on myself and the things that i believe in
i remember the look on your face and i just couldn't believe it

i'm a sinner
things are never gonna be the same
you're my compass-spinner
still, you keep my heart trapped inside of your birdcage
inside of your birdcage
still, you keep my heart trapped inside of your birdcage
inside of your birdcage
still, you keep my heart trapped inside of your birdcage

i set fire to everything you left
i didn't think about the downsides in loving you to death
pushing daisies through your letterbox
trying to find all of the things i lost
taking time to try to right the wrongs
maybe there's nothing wrong with me

i'm a sinner
things are never gonna to be the same
you're my compass-spinner
still, you keep my heart trapped inside of your birdcage
inside of your birdcage
you keep my heart trapped inside

i prayed until my hands were red
a couple times i prayed for death
i fell in love and back out again
i learned that i was everything
the rosary apologies, the light and dark inside of me
some blossomed into family, watched others wilt in front of me
you watched me as i healed my burns

this is purge
a lesson learned

lord, hear me in my time of need... i'm on my knees
god, find me a place to be palpable
and, god, send me a godsend, i've been waiting all alone

but every night, i speak to him
i shut my eyes and speak in hymn
a message in a bottle, a whistle in the wind

"and i've tried to find the fire in your eyes, oh, but i'm tired"

still every night, i speak to him
but i close my eyes and speak in hymn
a message in a bottle, a whistle in the wind
and i'm still whistling...

god, send me a godsend
god, send me a godsend
i've been waiting

i said it would never happen again...
but you held me up like a stone in the palm of your hand
but what if hell is cold, and heaven's closed?
god only knows, god only knows
is the fear of hurting you worth the burden of living my life alone?

is it beyond belief that i could ever feel
there's so much more to it all?
well, you've got infinity, and you offer it to me
but is your hell up above and your heaven below?
below

i knew it should have never happened again...
but you hold me up to the light and you force me to dance
and what if your rainbow has no pot of gold?
god only knows, god only knows
what if i wake up from this dream to see the sun has already set for me?

is it beyond belief that i could ever feel
there's so much more to it all?
well, you've got infinity, and you offer it to me
but is your hell up above and your heaven below? below

sometimes the gods speak a language you will never understand
and one day i awoke, and there i was, in the palm of your hand
i've only got one chance i've only got one chance at permanence
but i'm as good as dead, take my hand, go ahead
your love's a warm gun, and a trip to the sun
at the bottom of the sea, you're beyond belief

is it beyond belief that i could ever feel
there's so much more to it all?
well, you've got infinity, and you offer it to me
but is your hell up above and your heaven...
is it beyond belief that i could ever feel
there's so much more to it all?
well, you've got infinity, and you offer it to me
but is your hell up above and your heaven below?
below

i open up my eyes
i take a look around
i do not recognize
any of these people around me
what happened to my scars?
what happened to her car?
and why the fuck do i feel so sober?
is anybody listening?
is anybody here with me?
why is it so easy to breathe again?

to whom it may concern
i think i've done it again
i've pushed the boundaries of how far my luck will take me
why can't i just be happy
happy with thinking clearly for once in my life?
to whom it may concern
i think i've done it again
pushing the loved ones
the people i call my family
to fade away like me

i rot away
searching for signs of a familiar face
or really anything at all
just yesterday
i was in your arms and we were finally together and happy
now i've gone and thrown it all away

to whom it may concern
i think i've done it again
i've pushed the boundaries of how far my luck will take me
why can't i just be happy
happy with thinking clearly for once in my life?
to whom it may concern
i think i've done it again
pushing the loved ones
the people i call my family
to fade away like me

it's either hell or obscurity
rotting dignity
rotting away like the corpse that i'm supposed to be
i'm glad you know what it feels like
living everyday like me
rotting dignity
rotting away like the corpse that i'm supposed to be
i miss the sound of your voice at night
and what we were supposed to be

i don't want to be a ghost to you anymore
i don't want to be the thought in the back of your mind
and i really can't take the sight of your face
as you look at my name in a concrete line
i don't want to see the pearly gates
because my heaven's when you're with me
i miss the sound of your voice at night
because my heaven's when you're with me

thread by thread, stitching it together
twilight's dress, cutting out the pattern snip by snip
making sure the fabric folds nicely
it's the perfect color and so hip
always gotta keep in mind my pacing
making sure the clothes' correctly facing
i'm stitching twilight's dress

yard by yard, fussing on the details
jewel neckline, don't you know a stitch in time saves nine?
make her something perfect to inspire
even though she hates formal attire
gotta mind those intimate details
even though she's more concerned with sales
it's applejack's new dress

dressmaking's easy, for pinkie pie something pink
fluttershy something breezy
blend color and form
do you think it looks cheesy?

something brash, perhaps quite fetching
hook and eye, couldn't you just simply die?
making sure it fits forelock and crest
don't forget some magic in the dress
even though it rides high on the flank
rainbow won't look like a tank
i'm stitching rainbow's dress

piece by piece, snip by snip
croup, dock, haunch, shoulders, hip
thread by thread, primmed and pressed
yard by yard, never stressed
and that's the art of the dress

i don't want to stay another day
when i know you're at home all alone in disarray
with a mind that refuses to communicate
i don't want to feel anything
if it's not the embrace of your warmth when you're near me
but you're colder now these days

you keep your head locked away
your worries to yourself
but how am i supposed to help
to pull you up from your inner hell?
i see your hands and they're shaking
why are they shaking?
can't stop them from shaking

i hope you never come to realize i'm talking about you
the four years we've been through
and i miss you more and more
the calming thought of you smiling
is what i'd love to wake up to
but i never see that anymore

the pills go easier with water
your mind can't take the weight of the world again
and it pains me to know
that all i can really do is hope and wait
i see your hands and they're shaking
why are they?

i hope you never come to realize i'm talking about you
the four years we've been through
and i miss you more and more
the calming thought of you smiling
is what i'd love to wake up to
but i never see that anymore

i hope you never come to realize i'm talking about you
but if you were to
just know i'm happy that i'm yours

i'm so sorry that your mind hasn't come around
leaving you digging six feet under the ground
i wish i knew a better way
i wish i knew the words to say

just know i have enough faith for the both of us
hold your head up high
please don't drown yourself tonight
i'll take you home, warm you up, show you a different light
i swear to god, you'll see another night
i'm the furthest from fine
i need you by my side

it's me alone, staring at the bathroom ceiling yet again
another night feeling forced into the life i live
and i think it's time to quit
look past the glass and see a clear image

keep living my life like a stranger to society
when i know in the end people love me
but i'm faded, so faded and concerned
for the smoke that engulfs my lungs

my mind's at ease for the moment i'm at peace
but those slivers of sand are falling so slowly
show me a reason to live show me a reason to live
show me a reason to give up this feeling
but i'm just not strong enough, 'cause
over and over this shit fucking kills me
over and over this shit fucking kills me. 

keep living my life like a stranger to society
when i know in the end people love me
but i'm faded, so faded and concerned
for the smoke that engulfs my lungs

you know i don't want to feel like this forever
so please help me out
or i'll just cave

keep living my life like a stranger to society
when i know in the end people love me
but i'm faded, so faded and concerned
for the smoke that engulfs my lungs
keep living my life like a stranger to society
when i know in the end people love me
but i'm faded, so faded and concerned
for the smoke that engulfs my lungs
keep living my life like a danger to my sanity
when i know that my life is just a memory
but i'm faded, so faded and concerned

you think you're an angel
but heaven's shown you out
because your heart's in the city heart's in the city
and your head's up in the clouds
you don't have the time for friends or life
you just want to push your bounds
so come on and figure it out

i'm lying on the sheets as you're crawling underneath me
don't think too hard don't think too hard
i'm lying on the ground
you're panicking and lost now
don't lose your cool
cause nothing lasts forever

take it back three weeks
you were just eighteen, barely living a life at all
and now the paychecks turn to alcohol now the paychecks turn to alcohol
you don't have the time for friends or life
you just want to push your bounds
so come on and figure it out

i'm lying on the sheets as you're crawling underneath me
don't think too hard don't think too hard
i'm lying on the ground
you're panicking and lost now
don't lose your cool, cause nothing lasts forever
cause nothing last forever

you tore me down with all the negativity
now you're in the gutter all alone
with nothing
so shape up and find your way back home
we're all ghosts in your eyes
around you, but cast aside
we're all ghosts in your eyes

i'm lying on the sheets as you're crawling underneath me
don't think too hard don't think too hard
i'm lying on the ground
you're panicking and lost now
don't lose your cool, cause nothing lasts forever

hollow soul, hollow body
nothing lives here anymore

hollow walls that surround me
faded faces at my door
why do you try so hard?

you call me the ruler, but i'm just supported by everyone else that's ever stood by my side
if i was deserted, i'd finally lose it
for now at least i still have my mind

what am i prying for?
i can't even tell you who you're fighting for anymore
i want to stop being the weight on the end of the chain that holds tight around your life

all i am is a ghost to be, a tainted past that's yet to see
a sign of life from anyone or anything
strike the chord
send me spiraling to the ground
but i'm alright with that
because i found a piece of mind
with my head up in the clouds

you call me the ruler, but i'm just supported by everyone else that's ever stood by my side
if i was deserted, i'd finally lose it
for now at least i still have my mind

what am i prying for?
i can't even tell you who you're fighting for anymore
i want to stop being the weight on the end of the chain that holds tight around your life
so cut me loose tonight

you make me feel at home
make me feel alive
you taught me how to shed my skin

i am the passenger
press my face against the glass
spend the whole day inside my head
i am the passenger
spend the whole day inside my head
i am the passenger
spend the whole day inside my...

i am the passenger
spend the whole day inside my head
i am the passenger
spend the whole day inside my...

i want consciousness. thinking straight again is my only goal right now
clarity in my head. fuck this tunnel vision. i can't see on my end anyhow
but when i flicked the switch, my mind hit the black. as my head hit the ground, it all really set in
i don't want to fade out. i won't fade out

i've been a bit of a curse to who i needed to be. i'm losing sleep
a perfect picture of me and who i used to see. full of self-deceit

i need clearer thoughts. a perfect picture is easier taken from scratch
a fire inside, i can no longer hide. i get burned every time. light the match

i've been a bit of a curse to who i needed to be. i'm losing sleep
a perfect picture of me and who i used to see. full of self-deceit
all the words that i said; don't let them go to your head. it was time well spent
all the pity you never meant

leave me alone in my room
i'm better off with thoughts of you
i'll smoke until i am someone new
i'll be at ease when i'm through
a change of pace is what i'm after
i'm so devoid of laughter

leave me alone in my room
i'm better off with thoughts of you
i'll smoke until i am someone new
i'll be at ease when i'm through
a change of pace is what i'm after
i'm so devoid of laughter

i've been a bit of a curse to who i needed to be. i'm losing sleep
a perfect picture of me and who i used to see. full of self-deceit
all the words that i said; don't let them go to your head. it was time well spent
all the pity you never meant

i don't want to fade out
i won't fade out

i'll be the toast of the town
, the girl on the go
i'm the type of pony every pony, every pony should know
i'll be the one to watch, the girl in the flow
i'm the type of pony every pony, every pony should know
becoming as popular as popular can be
making my mark, making my mark in high society
i'm the belle of the ball, the star of the show, yeah
i'm the type of pony every pony, every pony should know
see how they hang on every word that i speak
my approving glance is what they all seek
i'm the creme de la creme
, 
not just another jane doe
i'm the type of pony every pony should know
at home, at the opera, on a fancy yacht
becoming the talk, the talk of all of canterlot
i'm the creme de la creme
, 
not just another jane doe
, yeah
i'm the type of pony every pony, every pony should know
because i'm the type of pony
yes, i'm the type of pony
yes, i'm the type of pony every pony should know

toronto, two years ago
spring cut off by the summer's heat
you were lying on the concrete by the stage
with your hands over your face
the song was almost over, as was your shitty day

drown myself in alcohol, cigarettes and long distance calls
no need to judge yourself
just figure out why you feel so alone
no need to waste another day
trying to fight the fact that you feel so hollow
see, you're at ease
it's all in your head at the end of the day
can't you see, you're at ease
it's mind over matter
at least that's what they say about life
when you ask them why you feel the way you do
you can't put your finger on the word
all you know is it hurts

drown myself in alcohol, cigarettes and long distance calls
no need to judge yourself
just figure out why you feel so alone
no need to waste another day
trying to fight the fact that you feel so hollow
stop getting wasted and start being patient
collect your composure
grow up and move on
quit being so selfish
because greed isn't pretty when we can all see you're not coping, just crying for pity
so grow up and move on

drown myself in alcohol, cigarettes and long distance calls
no need to judge yourself
just figure out why you feel so alone
no need to waste another day
trying to fight the fact that you feel so hollow
that you're feeling hollow

this is not our life
constantly trying to sleep at night, all well
knowing nothing's changed
nothing's changed at all
all the frames are re-arranged

reflections of light
unlike our own
and i hope you know
i'm walking home all alone

so i'll be just fine
it doesn't matter anyway
you took away all my feelings
and put me in dismay
now i'm here to let you know
that i'm not the one that threw this all away
so i'll let you settle down
and we'll take this day by day
we'll take it day by day
when i left, it nearly ripped my heart out of my chest

reflections of light
unlike our own
and i hope you know
i'm walking home all alone
'cause i don't think that i can last
another day inside this place
no, i can't stay

you're all the same
in my life, but not today
you're all the same
been so close, but so far away
you're all the same
in my life, but not today
you're all the same
been so close, but so far away

reflections of light
unlike our own
and i hope you know
i'm walking home all alone
'cause i don't think that i can last
another day inside this place
no, i can't stay

'cause you're all the same
reflections of light, unlike our own
you're all the same
and i hope you know i'm walking home all alone
'cause you're all the same
'cause i don't think that i can last another day inside this place
you're all the same
no, i can't stay
'cause you're all the-

the room is slowly spinning
dreams of consciousness is giving
coming back to haunt me in the end
take it all away

scatter the sounds
they kill my soul and drag me down
come around
i'll play dead until i'm found
strip me of my sight
i don't want to see a damn thing tonight
black and white
can't take this wasted time

the room is slowly spinning
it haunts me
there's nothing i can do but embrace all the gloom
blind myself in red
it's pulsing through the constant sound
everything will drown me out in the end
i will blind myself in the red

scatter the sounds
they kill my soul and drag me down
come around
i'll play dead until i'm found
strip me of my sight
i don't want to see a damn thing tonight
black and white
can't take this wasted time

take it all away
everything is killing me
shut my eyes
i'll come around
take it all away

scatter the sounds
they kill my soul and drag me down
come around

scatter the sounds
they kill my soul and drag me down
come around
i'll play dead until i'm found
strip me of my sight
i don't want to see a damn thing tonight
black and white
can't take this wasted time

i think i'm starting to figure out my life
because the past two years have come and gone so fast i've lost my mind
well, i guess that i don't have time to change my ways in one fucking day, repeating situations in my head
what could have i done different?

but goddamn the day this long life gets the best of me
the medication in my system blindly moves me on
and i'll look towards a time when i tell myself i'm just fine
i'll finally find the time to clear my mind
and piece together what is mine

i think i want to start again
shove a knife in my heart bleed me out
i want to feel my innocence, reborn in me through the honesty of treating everyone i love like a human being
to spare their feelings
i want to feel like a human being

but goddamn the day this long life gets the best of me
the medication in my system blindly moves me on
and i'll look towards a time when i tell myself i'm just fine
i'll finally find the time to clear my mind
and piece together what is mine

so make me, hate me

i'm real fed up with the way the world seems to want to turn these past few years
and the progress we don't seem to want to make
kids used to talk when they were hanging in a room with all their peers
but that's just a memory these days

you don't see the entire picture
we're all heading for something bigger

the kids are on their phones, sitting all alone
disregarding forward thinking, doing what they're told
the minds of the masses are in the hands of the few
it's the one percent or all of us, it's them or you

i'll just be honest, no attention grabbing here
because when the smoke clears, you'll face the facts
the odds are stacked against us, and the weapon of choice is fear

sit still, stay numb to the truth behind the reality
all caught in a first world web of lies
our fate's not ours to decide
our fate's not ours to decide
destined to get left behind
no matter how hard we try
destined to get left...

the kids are on their phones, sitting all alone
disregarding forward thinking, doing what they're told
the minds of the masses are in the hands of the few
it's the one percent or all of us. so what are we to do?

live on your own terms
don't let the world wash out your integrity
ever changing trends
with the concept of manufactured beauty

live on your own terms
don't let the world wash out your integrity
ever changing trends
with the concept of manufactured beauty

the kids are on their phones, sitting all alone
disregarding forward thinking, doing what they're told
the kids are on their phones, sitting all alone
disregarding forward thinking, doing what they're told
the minds of the masses are in the hands of the few
it's the one percent or all of us, it's them or you

well, i fell back down
to the same place and time
and the same lame hometown
getting better everyday
still begging for people's sympathy
how far did i fall

i am the salt of all the earth
i am the desperate and unsure
i am the lowest point of misery
i've lost myself in everything
i am the weight that drags you down
to where it's impossible to breathe
but i know that's no excuse for sympathy

i'm struggling to grasp the concept of
not being good enough for anyone
while i waste my time
trying to get your attention
what's it to you
your schedule is full
and i'm just shooting for the stars, anyway
someday i'll find my heart
but until then i'll just fade into nothing

so, i'll just sit here thinking of ways
to better myself emotionally
and not to sink too far
into the pit of disparity
i'm alive in your eyes
but, not well
you can tell
so for now
safe and sound
i'll just drown

i am the salt of all the earth
i am the desperate and unsure
i am the lowest point of misery
i've lost myself in everything
i am the weight that drags you down
to where it's impossible to breathe
but i know that's no excuse for sympathy

so, don't push me
you know i have nothing to live for
consistency is not worth working toward

i get it, it will never be worth your time
you're just so proud of what you've done
artists starved of color, a palette of black or white
we must pick one
we cause our own effects
cause and effect, cause in effect
we don't mean to be direct
cause and effect, cause in effect
it won't go to your head
believe me that's the truth
you tie the knot but hang it loose
you say rock and roll is dead
well that's just your excuse
because i'd rather die with it than let it become my noose
i won't let it become my noose
we cause our own effects
cause and effect, cause in effect
we don't mean to be direct
cause and effect, cause in effect
they've taken art into their beds
that was your excuse, because you don't want the truth
you'll take the blame for making money off the dead
when your life is in a coffin
i'd rather die with my integrity than have it be abused
we cause our own effects
cause and effect, cause in effect
we don't mean to be direct
cause and effect, cause in effect
i won't let it become my noose
i won't let it become my noose

room is black the room is black
silhouettes hang in the corner
a spark of light it brings them back
blind by temperament disorder

numb to feeling, but feeling the need to give in
i lie awake as my head spins
numb to feeling, i want to feel it again
chasing light from the curtains

i doubt it's helping, but i'm better sleeping in
can't take the tension anymore
counting days i have nothing to show for

purposeless envy, the stale compassion has me thinking
the grass is never green
and the lies are coming apart at the seams

because i'm numb to feeling, but feeling the need to give in
pace around til the morning
numb to feeling, i want to feel it again
grind my teeth til there's nothing

i doubt it's helping, but i'm better sleeping in
can't take the tension anymore
counting days i have nothing to show for
i wanna feel like i'm getting better
the ties i've severed, they've found their way back home

take it back, take it all back
lock the door
turn the key
take it back, take it all back
because all i see is you

i doubt it's helping, but i'm better sleeping in
can't take the tension anymore
counting days i have nothing to show for
i wanna feel like i'm getting better
the ties i've severed, they've found their way back home

i set myself up for disaster
it's been here all along
you are the grace and i'm the bastard
but i'm still holding on

when you took your turn
burned all the words
burned all the words into my brain

you're stronger than me
i know you're hurting
stay here permanently
stay here and feel serene

you collapsed, i know the pain's undeserving
trying to ask how long this burden will last

when you took your turn
burned all the words
so i'll come to terms with my disdain

you're stronger than me
i know you're hurting
stay here permanently
stay here and feel serene

praying to nothing has brought me here again
but this is not the end

i know you're hurting
i'll get all the names names post-torment
i got there and felt regret
i'm gallant shaking and you're laying there in pain

when you took your turn
burned all the words
burned all the words into my brain

when you took your turn
burned all the words
so i'll come to terms with my disdain

you're stronger than me
i know you're hurting
stay here permanently
stay here and feel serene

praying to nothing has brought me here again
praying to nothing has brought me here again
but this is not the end

so, don't push me
you know i have nothing to live for
consistency is not worth working toward

unpredictable and profound, there is no one here you'll have to drown me out
send me off with filtered praise, i'm giving up today
and everything i am is what i lost
i don't think i feel okay, i am my enemy
and everything i am is what i lost
and everything i am is unpredictable and profound
there is no one here you'll have to drown me out
everything that makes me happy is buried beneath the ground
standing still, i let my echo fade
i'll wait until i fall apart again
when will this all just end
unpredictable and profound
there is no one here you'll have to drown me out
everything that makes me happy is buried beneath the ground
standing still, i let my echo fade
i'll wait until i fall apart again
unpredictable and profound
there is no one here you'll have to drown me out
everything that makes me happy
everything that makes me happy is buried beneath the ground

turn my back on the world now
soaking in grief like a parasite
can't erase the cold constraints, these thoughts burn through like a candlelight
can't hear the sounds
can't hear the sounds of the life i built passing over me
but the fact remains i can't be saved by anyone or anything

i'm sorry i'm up to the same old shit
but i can't be your confidant
we can't breathe when we scream for the world to give in
just let me breathe again

segregated, never felt more alone
cause i can't find the space in these walls to call home
you felt berated
the aggression took it's toll
you couldn't break the mold
i couldn't stay in your hold again

i'm sorry i'm up to the same old shit
but i can't be your confidant
we can't breathe when we scream for the world to give in
don't wanna feel the permanence
don't wanna be the detriment
just wanna take the life i live
wake up everyday and still breathe in
just let me breathe again

segregated
but the fact remains i can't be saved by anyone

i'm sorry i'm up to the same old shit
but i can't be your confidant
we can't breathe when we scream for the world to give in
don't wanna feel the permanence
don't wanna be the detriment
just wanna take the life i live
wake up everyday and still breathe in
just let me breathe again
i wanna breathe again

i'm sorry that i can't get out of bed
i'm sorry that my head's always a mess
i'm sorry that i missed your call
for the third time in a row
i promise that i care much more than i show

don't get carried away, no
i'll only let you down
certain circumstances got me feeling low
don't take it personally
talk some sense into me, i've been feeling senseless
acting selfish, hate myself so fucking much, i'm out of touch
but i can see through all the lies that they've been selling me
quit telling me you know they know what's best for me
my patience being tested, see
in the parking lot of the high school that i went to
thought i hated it, but it's real shit when your friends leave
and you're back home with the same dreams
on the same street
all of the things that i've taken for granted is now
everything that i wish hadn't ended
all that i hated is now what i miss
ain't that a bitch

i'm sorry that i can't get out of bed
i'm sorry that my head's always a mess
i'm sorry that i missed your call
for the third time in a row
i promise that i care much more than i show

yeah
i did it all on my own, no promo
i got fans getting tats of my logo
i remember when nobody came to my shows
but i kept on coming back like a yo-yo
in high school, they would laugh, try to label
eating lunch with nobody at my table
everyone that used to doubt got a day job
i just made a few stacks off a merch drop

think it's about time that they go and take me serious
if you not feeling this, you probably delirious
i'm on one, yes, i'm on one, they could never be
me, 'cause i'm the reaper in your dreams, 'cause
think it's about time they trade the clout for sobriety
i can feel the hate building up, it's inside of me
i'm on one, yes, i'm on one, they could never be
me, 'cause i'm the reaper in your dreams, 'cause

play the guitar like a young santana
repping vt like my name bernie sanders
living two lives like my name danny phantom
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer
play the guitar like a young santana
repping vt like my name bernie sanders
living two lives like my name danny phantom
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer

cdg on my feet when i hop out
me and jay on the beat, that's a bop now
whole squad going dumb like it's summer school
i got hits, got smashes like a drummer do
omg, now you see me on the tv
went from selling pizza, now i'm selling cds
i know you see me, know you need me, but believe me
i feel like dying like my name lil weezy

think it's about time that they go and take me serious
if you not feeling this, you probably delirious
i'm on one, yes, i'm on one, they could never be
me, 'cause i'm the reaper in your dreams, 'cause
think it's about time they trade the clout for sobriety
i can feel the hate building up, it's inside of me
i'm on one, yes, i'm on one, they could never be
me, 'cause i'm the reaper in your dreams, 'cause

play the guitar like a young santana
repping vt like my name bernie sanders
living two lives like my name danny phantom
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer
play the guitar like a young santana
repping vt like my name bernie sanders
living two lives like my name danny phantom
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer
play the guitar like a young santana
repping vt like my name bernie sanders
living two lives like my name danny phantom
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer
play the guitar like a young santana
repping vt like my name bernie sanders
living two lives like my name danny phantom
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer

hammer, hammer
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer
hammer, hammer
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer
hammer, hammer
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer
hammer, hammer
all my shit bang like a motherfucking hammer

broke your heart on your birthday
i would call but i don't know what i could say
only skin, only bone, and i'm flawed
crying in your parents' garage
so i'll sew my eyelids shut
so i don't have to be reminded of us
'cause everywhere that i go is a photo
every night i'm in bed with the vertigo

it goes
da da da dadada da, da da da dadada
da da da dadada da, da da da dadada
every night i'm going
da da da dadada da, da da da dadada
da da da dadada da, da da da dadada

anxiety inside extremities
i'm losing touch, i got a tendency
to ruin all the things that i love
i could make amends
but you know i had enough, oh man
not right now
you would think that i would feel alive by now
twenty-something years and i'm still so down
contemplate on moving like my legs tied down, oh no
try to coincide, lack on my back and the void is inside
i can see my faults in the ceiling every night
i can see my faults in the ceiling every night

so i'll drive all night through my home town
you can drive your knife through my chest now
i'ma crash my car by your old house
'cause all i'll ever be is a letdown
so i'll drive all night through my home town
you can drive your knife through my chest now
i'ma crash my car by your old house
'cause all i'll ever be is a letdown

da da da dadada da, da da da dadada
da da da dadada da, da da da dadada
every night i'm going
da da da dadada da, da da da dadada
da da da dadada da, da da da dadada

so i'll drive all night through my home town
you can drive your knife through my chest now
i'ma crash my car by your old house
'cause all i'll ever be is a letdown
so i'll drive all night through my home town
you can drive your knife through my chest now
i'ma crash my car by your old house
'cause all i'll ever be is a letdown
so i'll drive all night through my home town
you can drive your knife through my chest now
i'ma crash my car by your old house
'cause all i'll ever be is a letdown
so i'll drive all night through my home town
you can drive your knife through my chest now
i'ma crash my car by your old house
'cause all i'll ever be is a letdown

when i think of love i see your face
but when i think of you i think of pain
my heart and mind are not on the same page
it's obvious i get carried away
all of the things that i don't know
all of the feelings i don't show
my mind doesn't know where to go tho
got me standing in place like a photo
but i know you don't know
i should know by now
that every time that i make up my mind
and you know it's too late, 'cause i ran outta time
and you know it

now it's 3am and i'm on the phone
checking on your page while i'm all alone
you'd think i'd learn or i'd try to change
why does this always end the same?

i'm tired of falling out of love
i'm tired of the rise and fall
i'll leave before it starts
'cause i don't wanna get my hopes up
i'm tired of falling out of love
i'm tired of the rise and fall
i'll leave before it starts
'cause i don't wanna get my hopes up

i play it all inside my head so i remember
i think about the way we were back in november
every moment that i waste on holding out for one more chance
isn't worth the pain i hold so close to me
wish i could forget it all

now it's 3am and i'm on the phone
checking on your page while i'm all alone
you'd think i'd learn or i'd try to change
why does this always end the same?

i'm tired of falling out of love
i'm tired of the rise and fall
i'll leave before it starts
'cause i don't wanna get my hopes up
i'm tired of falling out of love
i'm tired of the rise and fall
i'll leave before it starts
'cause i don't wanna get my hopes up

i'd rather sleep alone than play this game again
i'd rather play it safe than feel the pain again
and i just know by now how this will end up
maybe it's you or maybe i'm the one who's fucked up
i'd rather sleep alone than play this game again
i'd rather play it safe than feel the pain again
and i just know by now how this will end up
maybe it's you or maybe i'm the one who's fucked up

i'm tired of falling out of love
i'm tired of the rise and fall
i'll leave before it starts
'cause i don't wanna get my hopes up
i'm tired of falling out of love
i'm tired of the rise and fall
i'll leave before it starts
'cause i don't wanna get my hopes up

a couple quarters in my pocket
a few dollars in my wallet
i've been doing well
i've been working overtime
couple cars in my garage
can you see me now
haven't heard from you in months
i wonder what you're running from
can we talk it out
and at night i go to bed
i see the reaper in my head
won't you kill me now
seeing through these curtains
spending too much time in my bed
only thing i know now
i've got too much time on my hands
you've got too much blood on yours
you got what you asked for, yeah

time to grow up, get a real job
5:35 at the bus stop
heard they got benefits, and it's evident
that you got what it takes to get to the top
know you been going through things
but you can feel better when the money comes in
and every night you can question your life
while you stare at the ceiling
no fucking feelings
bringin it bringin it back to the good ol' days
to the run down park where we used to skate
paul and connor john bert and lopez
not one day did i feel this hopeless god damn
and they try to get me to go to therapy, please
no human alive could revive my mind
would you think it's a lie
if i said i was fine

a couple quarters in my pocket
a few dollars in my wallet
i've been doing well
i've been working overtime
couple cars in my garage
can you see me now
haven't heard from you in months
i wonder what you're running from
can we talk it out
and at night i go to bed
i see the reaper in my head
won't you kill me now

swear to god i've been trying
i've been just finding
all of the things that i keep in my mind
but i can't even write them
let alone say it
i'm losing my mind while i'm losing my patience
at the end of the day i'm amazed
at the pain you'll sustain for a paycheck
so it's back to the basics
i'm picturing life when the music don't pay
in an all black acura
got the kids in the back and the wife in the passenger
man i've been spectacular
got my own office and a gun in the cabinet
see i'm thinking about blasting it
leave a stain on the wall near the frame of my bachelor's

yo, yo
it's the young edgar allan spitting live from the basement
do it for the love, give a fuck about the payment
if i'm being honest, i don't know what i'm chasing
need a space to place my thoughts and the song's the location
i'm fucking sick of writing all these sad songs
but i'm just being real, it's how i feel, word is bond
i just wanna let you know you're not alone
that i know what it's like when you never leave your home
when you can't get out of bed, can't even check your phone
can't even lift your head, like your bones are made of stone
when everyone you know is asking why you're feeling low
but you can't tell 'em why, 'cause you don't even know

i got radio execs tryna say what's best
i got pressure coming down, got me overly stressed
i got suicidal thoughts floating through my head
i got people from the past probably hoping i'm dead

oh no, what's your mama gonna say
when i tell her that i broke your heart?
it's just things aren't the way that they used to be
oh no, now you're crying on the bathroom floor
and i guess it's the end
well, i lost my mind, then i lost my best friend

damn, so what if i did and what if i didn't?
i just wish i wasn't stuck between decisions
i just wish i didn't feel like something's missing
i just need to get outside this mental prison
3 am and i'm stuck in a rut
seems like every time i leave i end up thinking of us
i keep fucking with your head like a lobotomy
i lost it all and you'll always be a part of me

and can you feel the pain when you wake up?
late again and it's dark out
i don't even know where it came from
can't escape, got me feeling down
i remember days in the hometown
things change when you come around
now they're just memories now
keep feeling up, then i'm feeling down

oh no, what's your mama gonna say
when i tell her that i broke your heart?
it's just things aren't the way that they used to be
oh no, now you're crying on the bathroom floor
and i guess it's the end
well, i lost my mind, then i lost my best friend

i'm finding clarity in kerosene
incinerating all these memories
i haven't spoke to you since 17
just thought i'd let you know, you're dead to me
you found yourself in drugs and nicotine
a hollow body like a figurine
i always felt like an accessory
there's love and hate but this was in between

and all i know
is that there's clarity in kerosene
and all i know
you can't take back the words you said to me

i hope you choke in your sleep
choke in your sleep
while you're dreaming of me
dreaming of me
suffocate in your sheets
suffocate in your sheets
i'll be the last thing you see
be the last thing you see

and i can see it, looking back now
every day you'd try to put me in the background
i wasted all this fucking time on you
every word you said to me, i knew it wasn't true
roll around with that chip on my shoulder
i told myself that it would change when i'm older
but it's getting harder and i swear to god
that if i had the chance, i would take all the moments
i spent steady, waiting and losing my patience
you fucked with my head, know that i couldn't take it
and i can't forgive you
no, i won't forgive you

i hope you choke in your sleep
choke in your sleep
while you're dreaming of me
dreaming of me
suffocate in your sheets
suffocate in your sheets
i'll be the last thing you see
be the last thing you see

i'm finding clarity in kerosene
incinerating all these memories
i haven't spoke to you since 17
just thought i'd let you know, you're dead to me
you found yourself in drugs and nicotine
a hollow body like a figurine
i always felt like an accessory
there's love and hate but this was in between

and all i know
is that there's clarity in kerosene
and all i know
you can't take back the words you said to me

i hope you choke in your sleep
choke in your sleep
while you're dreaming of me
dreaming of me
suffocate in your sheets
suffocate in your sheets
i'll be the last thing you see
be the last thing you see

i hope you choke in your sleep
choke in your sleep
while you're dreaming of me
dreaming of me
suffocate in your sheets
suffocate in your sheets
i'll be the last thing you see
be the last thing you see

don't need your sympathy
i'm too busy feeling sorry for myself
you say you only wanna be with me
but you'd be better off with almost anyone else
a cool breeze or a skyline
just give me something to make me feel alive
and i don't want to let you down
but i got a history of ruining everything i'm left around

you can see the void in my eyes
i know you know i'm lying when i say i'm fine
if you love me you should think twice
'cause no one wants a deadbeat valentine

losing my mind
wasting your time
tell you that i'm gonna change
but i never fucking try
i've been feeling empty
like the lining of my wallet
i'm constantly fearing the future
and i'm just being honest
god damn, show me the lay of the land
put your faith in my hands
i promise i'll disappoint you
when you find out my head is a mess like my bed
i'm a lost cause
and i got flaws
and i swear to god that i care a lot
or i used to, so i make do
with the hole in my soul
pretend like i'm fine like you do

you can see the void in my eyes
i know you know i'm lying when i say i'm fine
if you love me you should think twice
'cause no one wants a deadbeat valentine
you can see the void in my eyes
i know you know i'm lying when i say i'm fine
if you love me you should think twice
'cause no one wants a deadbeat valentine

waking up at the crack of noon
reminiscing of the times i'm waking up with you
i should leave, sell my shit, make some kind of moves
i'm lying to myself, i never leave this fucking room
i got a pile of shit i haven't addressed, head is a mess
check the script bottle, see if any are left
there's nothing, nowhere, but let's not even go there
i'm lucky if i wake up, let alone care
'cause there's a fine line from who i am and who i wanna be
i'm amazed at what i find when i look within honestly
honestly, feels like i'm waiting to die
watch the days pass by, what's it mean to be alive?
and i've been killing time, go to bed with the sunrise
i got this feeling i won't make it to twenty-five
it's a far cry, know we've all got hard times
but these long nights got me feeling like i wanna die

leave my body by the liquor store
i'm an asshole, let me die slow
it's too late for me, can't you fucking see
i dug my own grave, let me fucking be
leave my body by the liquor store
i'm an asshole, let me die slow
it's too late for me, can't you fucking see
i dug my own grave, let me fucking be

don't even try to feed me all that "life is what you make it"
pull up to your 9-to-5 and smile or try to fake it
but when you're in your bed alone i know you fucking face it
one day you'll meet your maker and you'll see your life was wasted
the reaper creeping slow, i know you see him when you dreaming
you posted at a party but he's in the dark scheming
and you keep telling me that life has some sort of meaning
so sorry if i'm pessimistic but i don't believe it

i'm a fuck up, motherfucker
i'm sick of tryna find myself in others
i'm sick of seeking love, i'd rather suffer
i'm sick of life, i put that on my mother
yeah i'm a fuck up, motherfucker
i needed you, you left me in the gutter
the saddest part is that i really loved her
on a sinking ship, i wave as i go under

leave my body by the liquor store
i'm an asshole, let me die slow
it's too late for me, can't you fucking see
i dug my own grave, let me fucking be
leave my body by the liquor store
i'm an asshole, let me die slow
it's too late for me, can't you fucking see
i dug my own grave, let me fucking be

i'm a fuck up, motherfucker
i'm sick of tryna find myself in others
i'm sick of seeking love, i'd rather suffer
i'm sick of life, i put that on my mother
yeah i'm a fuck up, motherfucker
i needed you, you left me in the gutter
the saddest part is that i really loved her
on a sinking ship, i wave as i go under

yeah, i don't fuck with society
i just feel like it's a lie to me
feel the resentment inside of me
i could feel the reaper trying me
i could never be the nice guy
i could never see the bright side
'cause we all gotta ride in the hearses
so i don't really see the purpose
rolling round in the subie
way back when you knew me
things change and i'm growing up
they keep telling me i'm blowing up
it's been a minute, i've been around
i've been alone and it's funny how
that every day when i leave the house
i wish that i hadn't, and i'm leaving now

cold blood, black heart
i can see the lies in your eyes
and it's hard
to act like i'm fine
know i've seen better times
i think i've had it
i think i've had it

you're just another reason why i stay inside
just another reason why i hate this life
this has been a long time coming, i swear
this has been a long time coming, i swear
and i can't seem to let go of the hate inside
every time i'm close you go and change my mind
this has been a long time coming, i swear
this has been a long time coming, i swear

motorola razr, kept that shit on my waist
haven't felt alive since 2008
got the doors locked and the blinds closed
fuck your fake fame and your nice clothes
looking around i can only see
all of the demons around me
do what you do, it's astounding
losing my grip and i'm drowning
same shit, different day
i'm insane, stay away
i can see, all the lies
cutting ties, too late

cold blood, black heart
i can see the lies in your eyes
and it's hard
to act like i'm fine
know i've seen better times
i think i've had it
i think i've had it

you're just another reason why i stay inside
just another reason why i hate this life
this has been a long time coming, i swear
this has been a long time coming, i swear
and i can't seem to let go of the hate inside
every time i'm close you go and change my mind
this has been a long time coming, i swear
this has been a long time coming, i swear, yeah

cold blood, black heart
i can see the lies in your eyes
and it's hard
to act like i'm fine
know i've seen better times
i think i've had it
i think i've had it, yeah
cold blood, black heart
i can see the lies in your eyes
and it's hard
to act like i'm fine
know i've seen better times
i think i've had it
i think i've had it

you're just another reason why i stay inside
just another reason why i hate this life
this has been a long time coming, i swear
this has been a long time coming, i swear
and i can't seem to let go of the hate inside
every time i'm close you go and change my mind
this has been a long time coming, i swear
this has been a long time coming, i swear, yeah

i swear that i'ma die in this basement
isolation is the high that i'm chasing
overdose on lonely nights that were wasted
i can feel the reaper close, i hear him pacing
the days roll by, nothing changes
sunset, sunrise, losing patience
i'm too far gone, don't try to save me
i hate myself more than any man could ever hate me

well alright, yeah
well alright, alright, no, no
well alright, i'ma fade into the night
cut you straight out of my life, yeah
well alright, yeah
well alright, alright, no, no
well alright, this is the last time you see me
call me young houdini

i'm cutting my ties, then i'm closing the blinds
and i'm shutting my eyes, yeah
'cause life is a lie and i'm sick and i'm tired
of the planet outside, i
say that i'm fine, but you know that's a lie
and i mean it this time, yeah
i'm better alone, so don't hit up my phone
and i mean it
disappear from the pain like i'm dave blaine
you don't know my name, you don't know me
'cause i've been this way, keep it low key
yeah, you don't know the first thing about me yeah
abracadabra, i fucked up my life
if i did it once, i'll do it twice
probably better if you stay away
and for my final act i'll fade away

well alright, yeah
well alright, alright, no, no
well alright, i'ma fade into the night
cut you straight out of my life, yeah
well alright, yeah
well alright, alright, no, no
well alright, this is the last time you see me
call me young houdini

i've been away, don't say my name
cut it out, cut it out, oh no
and you can try but it's no use
cut it out, cut it out, ayy

well alright, yeah
well alright, alright, no, no
well alright, i'ma fade into the night
cut you straight out of my life, yeah
well alright, yeah
well alright, alright, no, no
well alright, this is the last time you see me
call me young houdini

i'm the light on your shed
shining through your bedroom window
keeping you awake
i'm the thoughts in your head
i'm every word you never said
keeping you awake
remember me with a smile on my face
so when i'm gone you can know i'm in a better place

i'm not so sure
about anything anymore
i guess i got what i asked for
i've been so sore
from always sleeping on the floor
i don't wanna do this anymore
i don't wanna do this anymore
i don't wanna do this anymore

what's the point of waking up?
why can't i give a fuck?
how can i see the bright side
with the blinds closed and i'm stuck?
they say i'll get it when i'm older
well, i'm getting close and no closure
now i'm feeling like it's over
we don't even have to go there
like damn
look at my life
tell me why i can't do anything right
don't wanna complain so i keep it inside
losing my mind, wide awake every night
remember the days at that old cul-de-sac
feel like that shit was a dream looking back
now i can't help that i live in the past where nothing will last

i'm not so sure
about anything anymore
i guess i got what i asked for
i've been so sore
from always sleeping on the floor
i don't wanna do this anymore
i don't wanna do this anymore

i'm not so sure
about anything anymore
i guess i got what i asked for
i've been so sore
from always sleeping on the floor
i don't wanna do this anymore
i don't wanna do this anymore

you cannot hide
and there's no time
the slow decline
in your mind
you are not mine
i'm not yours
why would i try
when you're not sure?
i've been falling out, upstate
try to save me, it's too late
voices in my head, talking
so i got the keys, i hop in

like i am just a reject
putting back the pieces
pushing you away like
i don't even need this
laying on the freeway
thinking 'bout what she say
waiting for a semi-truck
like i don't even give a fuck
i just need a reason
i can't find a reason
watching all the cars go
passing like the seasons
feeding all my demons
see you when i'm sleeping
now i think i like it like the pain became my jesus

ooh, everything fade when i get this way
ooh, every damn day gotta feel like this
ooh, everyone knows that i lost my way
ooh, every damn day gonna be the same

there's nothing in me
like asphalt or concrete
memories, fifteen
suffocating in my sheets
i can hear the sound, racing
laying down now, take me
something in my head, hiding
i see the lights, shining

like i am just a reject
putting back the pieces
pushing you away like
i don't even need this
laying on the freeway
thinking 'bout what she say
waiting for a semi-truck
like i don't even give a fuck
i just need a reason
i can't find a reason
watching all the cars go
passing like the seasons
feeding all my demons
see you when i'm sleeping
now i think i like it like the pain became my jesus

ooh, everything fade when i get this way
ooh, every damn day gotta feel like this
ooh, everyone knows that i lost my way
ooh, every damn day gonna be the same

ooh, everything fade when i get this way
ooh, every damn day gotta feel like this
ooh, everyone knows that i lost my way
ooh, every damn day gonna be the same
ooh, everything fade when i get this way
ooh, every damn day gotta feel like this
ooh, everyone knows that i lost my way
ooh, every damn day gonna be the same
ooh, everything fade when i get this way
ooh, every damn day gotta feel like this
ooh, everyone knows that i lost my way
ooh, every damn day gonna be the same

i can feel the weight of the wind in my home town
cause ain't shit changed since the last time i been around
and i been feeling low, feeling slow, feeling run down
i said "i been doing well," truth is i don't know now
and i can hear the pain in the way that you say my name
the cold gaze in your eyes
tell me all the things that keep you up at night
if you sleep forever then you'll never have to fight
where do i start
i got a big ego and a small heart
rolling through with a bad attitude
and a mother fucking chip on my shoulder too
i'm like damn, how did it get like this?
i still hate my life, i'm still full of shit
and i got a thing for destruction
down all the pills, said "fuck the instructions"

i can make the things that i love die
ruin everything that's kept me alive
push away the people who stood by my side
they ask me why i do it i don't know why
i can make the things that i love die
ruin everything that's kept me alive
push away the people who stood by my side
they ask me why i do it i don't know why

i'm a twenty something
something's running through my veins
i'm feeling quite alone
used to say i gave a fuck about a shit
but now that shit that i dismiss gets in my bones
and you can tell your friends that i'm a mess
and that i always stay at home
but your alcohol will fade away
those local bars and glory days are gone

and how about that?
still stuck in the past
did you think it would last?
this too shall pass

passed out slow, yeah
it's all in my head
or it's all too real
either way, i'm fucked
either way, i've had enough
and i did this to myself

and how about that?
still stuck in the past
did you think it would last?
this too shall pass

i like your hair but they're
pulling it out from the furniture
you left the lake on a lighter note
but i could tell you were crying home

you can hold my hand
we can play in the graveyard
dream about joining in
take the memories that we've made in the past year
bury them six feet deep
cause i don't want to lose you
thought i knew you, thought i loved you
couldn't trust you, but i guess i care
more than you do, i can see through
all your tattoos, and the clothes, and the messy hair
know i'm fucked up, i got bad luck, and the truth is
i don't know how it got like this
you should leave now
while you still can, while there's still time
cause you know i'm a god damn mess
i been rolling 'round
with the windows down
bumping that senses fail
i been sleeping all day
and when the sunset i'll be wide awake
i been posted up patiently
waiting to make something of this life
but until then i'll be in my bed, lost in my head, yeah

i can say that i'll change but i know i won't
i can tell you that i care but i know i don't
i got friends and family tryna hit my phone
cause i know that they get scared when i'm left alone
i can say that i'll change but i know i won't
i can tell you that i care but i know i don't
i got friends and family tryna hit my phone
cause i know that they get scared when i'm left alone

in time, i'll be hanging on your nightstand by myself
as i sit in the dust while you lay with someone else
and i wish that you could feel how it felt
knowing i am just an ornament on your shelf

honestly, you never needed this
i know you've got more that you're dealing with
i'm just a burden, i know that
i just wish that i could go back
funny how everything changes
old feelings, new faces
they say home is where you make it
resided in you, now it's vacant

'cause every single day i wanna blame myself
i'm with you when you sleep but you're with someone else
and every single day you see my colors fade
i'm just that picture that you haven't thrown away
and i can feel the pain when you see my face
and you can close the drawer but that won't change a thing
every single day you see my colors fade
i'm just that picture that you haven't thrown away

now i gotta keep it all in like it's all good
but everything changed when you left me in oakwood
and if you could take it back i know you would
won't throw me away when you know you should
tell me what's real, is it all in my head?
every night, every word that i said
they say move on, but i'm better off dead
how can i sleep when i'm next to your bed?
how can you keep me confined in a frame?
memories fading, the faces will change
but i still live in your head, so i stay
next to your bed, watch me wither away

'cause every single day i wanna blame myself
i'm with you when you sleep but you're with someone else
and every single day you see my colors fade
i'm just that picture that you haven't thrown away
and i can feel the pain when you see my face
and you can close the drawer but that won't change a thing
every single day you see my colors fade
i'm just that picture that you haven't thrown away

in time, i'll be hanging on your nightstand by myself
and i gather dust alone on your shelf

'cause every single day i wanna blame myself
i'm with you when you're sleeping, you're with someone else
every single day you see my colors fade
i'm just that picture that you haven't thrown away
and i can feel the pain when you see my face
and you can close the drawer but that won't change a thing
every single day you see my colors fade
i'm just that picture that you haven't thrown away

honestly, you never needed this
i know you've got more that you're dealing with
i'm just a burden, i know that
i just wish that i could go back
funny how everything changes
old feelings new faces
they say home is where you make it
resided in you, now it's vacant
honestly, you never needed this
i know you've got more that you're dealing with
i'm just a burden, i know that
i just wish that i could go back
honestly, you never needed this
i know you've got more that you're dealing with
honestly, you never needed this
honestly, you never needed this

and now, for my next number, i'd like to return to the classics

growing up, i had a dream in my mind
then it came true, now it got me losing my mind
i don't wanna seem ungrateful so i keep it inside
got me reminiscing, thinking of a simpler time
like me and lopez used to skate down the block
passing time, spitting rhymes at the old parking lot
i can't even drive past all the spots that i love
'cause they're nothing even close to anything like it was
but when i see a group of kids in the spot
i wanna shake 'em, wanna tell 'em they don't know what they got
wish that i could travel back and try to tell me to stop
'cause i had everything, i never needed a lot

it's like i woke up one day and suddenly i grew up
i can't remember when it happened, it was all too abrupt
driving 'round my old town, it's pathetic, i know
the only time that i was happy and i can't let it go

was it all really better then?
or am i just getting in my head?
and i just wanna go back
i wish that i could just go back
was it all really better then?
or am i just getting in my head?
and i just wanna go back
i wish that i could just go back

i would never trade a friend for the fame
but i been on the road touring and it isn't the same
losing touch with all the ones that i love
how many calls i gotta miss 'til they stop giving a fuck?
been feeling down, so i hit up my mom
she told me everything will pass so put it all in a song
i know my family can see i got a lot on my plate
seems like every time i'm home it's only just for the day
so i been putting all my thoughts in this verse
and i don't know that if it's helping or it's making it worse
i just know its been a while since i felt like i'm fine
i've been trying to learn to live my life one day at a time

it's like i woke up one day and suddenly i grew up
i can't remember when it happened, it was all too abrupt
driving 'round my old town, it's pathetic, i know
the only time that i was happy and i can't let it go

was it all really better then?
or am i just getting in my head?
and i just wanna go back
i wish that i could just go back
was it all really better then?
or am i just getting in my head?
and i just wanna go back
i wish that i could just go back

go back

i look into the mirror, all i'm seeing is a skeleton
i keep losing weight, so they got me taking medicine
i can't go a day without relying on these sedatives
therapy and doctors, i feel like a specimen
every fucking night that i've been laying in my bed
doing all i can to fight the certain sense of dread
feeling like this panic that i have will never end
and so i fantasize about a gun up to my head, yeah
and now these pills got me feeling asleep
when i'm awake, can't get away
even when i sleep i feel pain
vivid visions in the past creeping into my brain
about to break, i just want to feel like i'm sane, yeah
and i just want to know what i did
do i deserve this, like why i gotta deal with this shit, man
and i just wanna know when it happened
when i lost my mind and will i ever truly feel happy, motherfucker

i wanna know when the pain stops
walking around with the same thoughts
i wanna know when the pain stops
face down, fucked up with the door locked
i wanna know when the pain stops
walking around with the same thoughts
i wanna know when the pain stops
face down, fucked up with the door locked

i've been fighting this with everything that i have
and i've been trying to separate the good from the bad
well, i can't see an end to all the pain that i face
i had to cancel the tour, i couldn't take any more
i feel the weight of expectation pressing down on my chest
i feel like everybody has their own belief of what's best
meditation, medication, should i pray to a god?
i refuse to let this win and be consumed by my thoughts

i wanna know when the pain stops
i wanna know when the pain stops
i wanna know when the pain stops
i wanna know when the pain stops
i wanna know when the pain stops
i wanna know when the pain stops
i wanna know when the pain stops
i wanna know when the pain stops

i wanna know when the pain stops
walking around with the same thoughts
i wanna know when the pain stops
face down, fucked up with the door locked
i wanna know when the pain stops
walking around with the same thoughts
i wanna know when the pain stops
face down, fucked up with the door locked

same city whitey hail from
same town that the strangler stole the air from
i was raised irish catholic
never talk about your feelings
tell them you're fantastic
around here you're either savage or you're plastic
drive a benz or a broken ford maverick
they all been living a lie
because they worship the wealth
more than they do their false god
i don't talk too much
i been living in the basement
tryna make a statement
i been writing all night
young edgar allen with the blinds closed tight
so when i say i fucking hate myself
and when i say i lost my sanity
just know that's not my full capacity
could never hate myself as much as i hate humanity

not a material man
i got a mic, two guitars and a dream in my hands
i see you flexing them bands like you got something to prove
well i got nothing to lose
not a material man
i got a mic, two guitars and a dream in my hands
i see you flexing them bands like you got something to prove
well i got nothing to lose

what a cluster fuck i'm fucking up
they telling me to lighten up
hit them in the brain with the same damn thing
playing in the rain, man i'm fucked up mane
grew up too fast, tryna make it last
but it ain't coming back
still an outcast, still an asshole
tryna get past no payroll
see i wouldn't give a fuck if i had a surplus
intuition in my gut so i keep my mouth shut
i don't say shit unless it's about the fucking music
homosapien equipped with the wit so i use it
feel your flesh breaking open
and your knuckles start turning white
you been holding on for too long
sleep all day, wide awake at night

not a material man
i got a mic, two guitars and a dream in my hands
i see you flexing them bands like you got something to prove
well i got nothing to lose
not a material man
i got a mic, two guitars and a dream in my hands
i see you flexing them bands like you got something to prove
well i got nothing to lose

i just wanna break free from my misery
it's suffocating everyone around me
choking on my apathy
and disregard for humanity

a bitter taste i'm sick of swallowing
a dead end path i'm sick of following
i'm becoming my own worst enemy
spit it out

force-fed by no other than me
self-inflicted suffering

i just wanna break free from my misery
it's suffocating everyone around me
choking on my apathy
gonna find the wall and tear it down
tear down everything
so i can shed my disregard for humanity
and unlearn the things that make me

sink back into my ways
past and present
grow and change
don't you fucking test me
force-fed by no other than me

i just wanna break free from my misery
it's suffocating everyone around me
choking on my apathy
gonna find the wall and tear it down
tear down everything
so i can shed my disregard for humanity
i just want to break free

will i wish i would have stayed?
is the other side charades?
by the time i tie the braid
will it be worth the fray?
when i decide to leave
will it be everything i dreamed?
when i swallow before i speak
will i hate to see a different side of me?
and i hope it's just a phase
just a dull side of the blade
under the stone
the cure is to be alone
go home
lock the door
put on something
you've heard before
sink into the floor
if i could go back
i would have never started the war
i used to soar
but i don't want to anymore
when i decide to leave
will it be everything i dreamed?
when i swallow before i speak
will i hate to see a different side of me?
go home
lock the door
put on something
you've heard before
sink into the floor
if i could go back
i would have never started the war
i used to soar
but i don't want to anymore

get out tonight
from the deafening sound inside
that i'll deny
but it feels like i'm right
i'm feeling alright

light up
no, blow it out
neurotic
the flower burns
sinking down to the bone
and you lye, lye, lye
decompose
decompose

cut down to size
paralyzed
low tide
wait to rise

light up
no, blow it out
neurotic
the flower burns
sinking down to the bone
and you lye, lye, lye
decompose
decompose

you lye, you lye, you lye
until you decompose
you decompose
you decompose
you decompose
until you...

light up
no, blow it out
neurotic
the flower burns
sinking down to the bone
and you lye, lye, lye
decompose
decompose

escape
just to get away
too late
butcher meets the blade
panic
on the menu
elevate
but the vantage point is a blurred view
it's a blurred view

blackout
spinning all around
you lost it in the high
but i know
you'll find it on the comedown

illuminate
the flawed perception
recreate
the same scene
the same reflection
the same reflection

blackout
spinning all around
you lost it in the high
but i know
you'll find it on the comedown
you'll find it on the comedown

find it on the comedown
but i don't wanna come down
but i don't wanna come down

escape
just to get away
too late
butcher meets the blade
panic
on the menu
elevate
but the vantage point is a blurred view
vertigo

blackout
spinning all around
you lost it in the high
but i know
you'll find it on the comedown
you'll find it on the comedown

spread with green
effortlessly happy
didn't think i'd be
seeing you now

torn between bliss and envy
couldn't dig the hole
wide enough for us so you

suffer, suffer
yeah you suffer
just to feel something real you
suffer, suffer

alright, i think you barely know
alright, i think i'm ready

torn between bliss and envy
couldn't dig the hole
wide enough for us so you

suffer, suffer
yeah you suffer
just to feel something real you
suffer, suffer

i knew i'd find you here
wallowing in your guilt
you ain't changed a bit
of that we're clear
i knew i'd find you out
outside of town
wrapped around a tree
where you want to be
where you want to be

just to feel something real you
suffer, suffer
yeah you suffer
just to feel something real

air your secrets out
let's dive in
but not just yet

lusting soul seeking affection
caught your eye in the reflection

i don't know how much longer
tell me, am i getting closer?

shy vein
the pain & time
it takes to find is
better than
leaving you behind

finding the new wave
focusing all the rage

so far, so good
hesitation left at bay

often misunderstood
we both see it another way

lay down next to me
we're hollowed out
i know you won't deceive me
exactly what we need

it's like walking on a tight rope
don't wanna come down
just in case i can't cope
and sometimes it's like
pulling a flower from the vine
and taking it home
just to find you're all alone
it's been dead the whole time
i just wanna run, run, run away
i just wanna feel something good today
i don't wanna think about anything
i just wanna be whatever i wanna be
be whatever i wanna be
it's like dosing in a circle
we're floating around
trying to find something beautiful
sometimes it's like rushing the trip
just to find that i'm all alone at the top
and i wanna turn around
but there's not enough time
i just wanna run, run, run away
i just wanna feel something good today
i don't wanna think about anything
i just wanna be whatever i wanna be
be whatever i wanna be

sad truth
the judges rule
on who you used to be
not whats new
old spark
the flame burns out
we're not the same
the smoke pushes out
was it all just a dream?
inside a wide-eyed teen
new order
lay it all down
the old is gone
put it in the ground
departure

it didn't mean anything to me
to mean anything to you
and you pretended you were calloused
because you didn't know what else to do

you were begging for attention
the loudest in the room

you confused my silence
my solitude for weakness
but i could see right through
you were starving for acceptance inside
and when you cracked, it all seeped through

you're slurring words, things you know nothing about
ignorance displayed like a trophy you're proud of
you stagger around nothing but stones in your mouth
because you're too deep in your front to spit them out

you were begging for attention
the loudest in the room

you confused my silence
my solitude for weakness
but i could see right through
you were starving for acceptance inside
and when you cracked, it all seeped through it all seeped through

you pretended you were calloused
but i could see right through
you cracked and now you're at the bottom
stones in your mouth
you're at the bottom
too deep to spit them out
you're at the bottom
trying to make your way back
and your desperation is deafening

2x
you confused my silence
my solitude for weakness
but i could see right through
you were starving for acceptance inside
and when you cracked, it all seeped through

i hurt myself today to see if i still feel. i focus on the pain, the only thing that's real
the needle tears a hole, the old familiar sting. try to kill it all away, but i remember everything
what have i become my sweetest friend? everyone i know goes away in the end
and you could have it all. my empire of dirt. i will let you down. i will make you hurt
i wear this crown of thorns upon my liar's chair. full of broken thoughts that i cannot repair
beneath the stains of time the feelings disappear. you are someone else. i am still right here
what have i become my sweetest friend? everyone i know goes away in the end
and you could have it all. my empire of dirt. i will let you down. i will make you hurt
if i could start again, a million miles away, i would keep myself. i would find a way
i will let you down. i will make you hurt. i will let you down. i will make you, i will make you hurt

paint it
outside the frame
waste it
feel the same
nothing changed
get away
i want to watch it all collapse
one crown
and they all fight for scraps

go ahead
i want to watch you sink your teeth
bite down
you're all the same underneath

we're breaking out
violent sound
you're fading now

we're making
the air turn around
we're sedated
just let it pull you out

pull you out
pull you out
let it pull you out

white out
side shore
reach out
no i can't see no more
white out
side shore

we're breaking out
violent sound
you're fading now

we're making
the air turn around
we're sedated
just let it pull you out

pull you out
pull you out
let it pull you out

white out
side shore
reach out
no i can't see no more
white out
side shore
reach out
no i can't see no more

get under my skin
drive me up the wall
i will just pretend
nothing is ever my fault

everyone is grey
everyone is acting out
caught in the chains
sync into the synthesis

go around
don't make enemies
reassure yourself
society is what you need

hide the pain
just take the pill
swallow down
don't want to feel like this

it comes in waves
walk slow through the pouring rain
take yourself outside
hope the colors change

but you can't escape

you found me out
outside beyond the rail
needed someone to figure you out
you just wanted something
to make you forget the hell
you're on the wrong side of the rail

didn't use to be so frail
you try to float around
turn it upside down
fold it up, suspend and surround
anything to turn it upside down
down, down, down

like controlling the two knives
let the chemicals rise
just focus
try to forget the hell
but you're on the wrong side of the rail

didn't use to be so frail
you try to float around
turn it upside down
fold it up, suspend and surround
anything to turn it upside down
down, down, down

bare to make it out
need to turn around
screaming through the sound
i couldn't make it out
too blind to know
had nowhere else to go
i tried to bring you down
i couldn't hear you
screaming through the sound

screaming through the sound
i couldn't hear you
screaming through the sound
through the sound
through the sound
through the sound

time, dissolving me
forget, forget about the pain
just long enough for your shadowplay
and we're all wrapped up
passing through the grain

compose, you know
feel it out but never let it show
compose, you know
you'll never find enough to fill the hole

enough to fill the hole
enough to fill the hole

climb up to see nothing
throw everything away
open up, shed yourself of shame
anything to get your skin in the game

compose, you know
feel it out but never let it show
compose, you know
you'll never find enough to fill the hole

come around to find it
feel it out, never let it show
you'll never fill the hole
you'll never fill the hole

compose, you know
feel it out but never let it show
compose, you know
you'll never find enough to fill the hole

when you hold it close, it slips away
and what you guard the most, gets ripped the same
when i say i want to wait another day
it's really 'cause i can't decide
if we're better off to be lost so we don't ever realize

you're on your way up but you feel it and you turn away
go down just try to get you up but you wanna wait
some things we didn't want to say, stuck in between the lines
free falling now 'cause we're hooked on synthetic light
an iridescent lie

watch it drift it away
oversaturate
but we're lost in gray
when i say i don't feel the rush of light
it's really
cause i can't define
if we're better off to be numb so we don't have to feel alive

you're on your way up but you feel it and you turn away
go down just try to get you up but you wanna wait
some things we didn't want to say, stuck in between the lines
free falling now 'cause we're hooked on synthetic light
an iridescent lie

an iridescent lie
an iridescent lie
an iridescent lie

you're on your way up but you feel it and you turn away
go down just try to get you up but you wanna wait
some things we didn't want to say, stuck in between the lines
free falling now 'cause we're hooked on synthetic light
an iridescent lie
an iridescent lie

how was i to know?
the search went on and on and on
i thought i could fill you up
while i had nowhere to go
but the deeper i dove the less i found
a waste but how was i to know

on the surface
it seemed like everything was worth it

i was an aimless string
i was dangling
you were pulling me
just to watch me unravel
just to watch me unravel
just to watch me unravel

push and pull
provoke my will
trying to see what you can get out of me
soak up every last ounce of me
more than you can carry
you'll have to wring yourself out

before you walk away
you'll have to wring yourself out
before you think about leaving
i'll stand there and watch
you pour me back out
it's a sad sight to see
because without me
you return to being empty

on the surface
it seemed like everything was worth it

i was an aimless string
i was dangling
you were pulling me
just to watch me unravel
just to watch me unravel
just to watch me unravel

false hope
spreads like a disease
the curtain is drawn
and there's no shepherd for the sheep
time waits for no man
it's expiring
the pendulum swings back and forth
but no one loses sleep

disarray
control is an illusion
the walls are gonna cave
disarray
mask the delusion
until there's nothing left to save

pinned between
the gears of the machine
bliss is ignorance
nowhere else to be
and while they gaze up
at the smoky screen
the perfect time
line it up
soak it all in gasoline

disarray
control is an illusion
the walls are gonna cave
disarray
mask the delusion
until there's nothing left to save

until there's nothing left to save
the walls are gonna cave
there's nothing left to save
the walls are gonna cave
there's nothing left to save
the walls are gonna cave
the walls are gonna cave

disarray
control is an illusion
the walls are gonna cave
disarray
mask the delusion
until there's nothing left to save

looking in the rear-view mirror at everything that i'm leaving behind
i know this is right, i know it's my time
now is my time to escape this weathered town and what this place is all about
i've gotta get out of here, but the memories i'll take with me
everywhere i go, to everyone i know. these memories will stay with me
to escape this weathered town and what this place is all about
these memories will stay with me, will stay, will stay with me
and i don't know, i don't know if you'll ever understand. you can say that it's not worth it
and you can say, you can say it's a wasted life
but the memories, i'll take with me. these memories, they'll stay with me
the memories, i'll take with me. these memories, they'll stay with me
holding onto the past each day leaves me empty, wanting everything to be the way it was
there are better days to come, i just have to, i have to
let go. x3
of the things that i have done and the ones who have moved on
i've gotta get out of here, but the memories i'll take with me
everywhere i go, to everyone i know. these memories will stay with me
i'll escape this weathered town and what this place is all about
the memories, they'll stay with me
they'll stay, x3
with me

i don't need to hear
how you shed yourself of fear

your words endear
but your intent is clear
i can see right through your chandelier

through the roof
haven't hit the ceiling
of the room

you reflect the limelight hue
but i remember you before you bloomed

you're through the roof
but you haven't hit the ceiling of the room

i don't need to know
all about your latest whoa

it's thin, just so you know
& i'm already underneath your soul

you're crystal clear
chandelier

why am i
why am i wasting all my time?
swaying side to side
diving deep to find
foraging a flaw in the design

either way
we're gonna go
fade to black
drift off alone
surrender all
give it all away
until you find
it's all a waste of time
so i cauterize
so i cauterize

how far can i
push it till i fall off the other side?
'cause we're all divine
so in the meantime
just let the pieces
fall where they can find

either way
we're gonna go
fade to black
drift off alone
surrender all
give it all away
until you find
it's all a waste of time
so i cauterize
so i cauterize
so i cauterize
so i cauterize

go right, right
go left, go right
go right, right
go left, go right

either way
we're gonna go
fade to black
drift off alone
surrender all
give it all away
until you find
it's all a waste of time
so i cauterize
so i cauterize
so i cauterize
so i cauterize

a garden grew between us
in the love we lived without
remaining faithful to the flood
our tears have purpose in a drought
tread lightly, so footprints can't disturb the bed we've made
with restlessness reserved for both the bodies it contains

aim your sharpest arrow at the center of my chest
a memorial to signify the sense of helplessness
we dare not mourn our past lives
our loss will be reborn
because i couldn't love who you were
but you're not you anymore

sew your skeleton to mine
i'm no good on my own
stitch yourself to either side of me so i will never be alone
we mend our past mistakes
as a symbol that we've grown
so we no longer place our weight on top of broken bones

mark an end to aimless roaming
with a double-sided knife
if we develop eyes for others
may we both be stripped of sight
liken our divide to partitions in the earth
wrapped in walls of vines
growing out of common ground
a garden grew between us
our tears have purpose in a drought

sew your skeleton to mine
i'm no good on my own
stitch yourself to either side of me so i will never be alone
we mend our past mistakes
as a symbol that we've grown
so we no longer place our weight
on top of broken bones

mark an end to aimless roaming
with a double-sided knife
taking steps towards each other
we could end both our lives
and that'd be fine

aim your sharpest arrow at the center of my chest
a memorial to signify the sense of helplessness
we dare not mourn our past lives
though our loss will be reborn
i couldn't love who you were
but you're not you anymore

we shiver in the pause between words
abandonment still fresh upon the tips of our tongues
the whispers we've chosen to live and die in will infect deaf ears with the discordance of deceit
why do we scream when there is nothing left to say?
silently acknowledging the solace in loss
i am content with throwing everything away because i lost myself when i found you

carry me back to your bed
my conscience is my coffin and i swear sometimes i'd rather be dead
make sure that i still feel, i don't care how much it hurts
i'll always be numb on my side of the earth

in the dark i watched the light hit your skin, hoping that my eyes might never adjust
soft sounds save me from the confines of sleep because hearing your voice once was never enough
i think i've finally identified the difference
i think i live in both my hell and my home
i will forever be a slave to your distance
don't let me in
don't let me go

carry me back to your bed
my conscience is my coffin and i swear sometimes i'd rather be dead
make sure that i still feel, i don't care how much it hurts
i'll always be numb on my side of the earth
don't let me in, don't let me go

in this moment
i'd rather die than live without you
i'd rather die

disconnecting veins in an effort to release my tragedy
all that we leave behind is misery
and my disease is a sanctuary
a curse that unfolds like a novel
but i'd sooner slit my wrists with the first page

i find it hard to feel alive
while my heart beats in borrowed time
the cadence that i've kept confined
existing only in the black behind my eyes
not worthy of a memory
deny all grief and force yourself to forget me
don't allow my ghost to linger any longer than it has
let my spirit breathe, i've finally found peace

allow me to exist only in the empty spaces between breaths
in the margin of each exhale that you're sure that you have left
be mindful of the way speaking my name could leave a poison on your lips
and the ache that binds your bones will be my parting gift
a grave unfit to bear the blame
pale limbs like flowers to be tied in a bouquet
that the soil refused to cultivate
to be born, to live, to die, rotting away
there's nothing to be done
i can't be saved

i find it hard to feel alive
while my heart beats in borrowed time
the cadence that i've kept confined
existing only in the black behind my eyes
not worthy of a memory
deny all grief and force yourself to forget me
don't allow my ghost to linger any longer than it has
let my spirit breathe, i've finally found peace

back-pedaling into the black
but i can still make out the figures
that will threaten my well-being
the wind will rise and fall
but never sway from side to side
progression halted
encapsulating the fluid weave of death
like a garden that contains all of its arrested offspring
we're afraid to force our legs to break free from the earth
and take the first step towards our insecurity
sleep away your selfishness
slip into collapse
a still-like state of disregard
from which you can't fall back
you never fully moved me
i've been embedded in the dust
and my mind has been ravaged by war
pray for farewell as if i was yours to lose
i would love to love you, if you were someone else
so forgive me for being unresponsive
i'm sure it's hard to train your ears
to hear me crying out for help
with my lips sewn shut by the stitches of my own indecision
so i'll speak in whispers to permit my throat relief
i bite my tongue
fill my mouth with blood
and swallow enough to kill me
before i'm forced to lose more sleep
so i'll speak in whispers to permit my throat relief
i bite my tongue
fill my mouth with blood
and swallow enough to kill me
i would love to love you
if you were someone else
am i fit to walk alone again
or will you save me from myself?
breathe life into me
be all that i can see
or carry on without me
and just know i wished you well

i've grown accustomed to losing sleep
sweep me off my feet
dig your nails into my wounds and pull
a lucid dream
where my chest will collapse from the weight of a fictitious ghost
tear through me, sacrifice me to your sea
with broken arms i'm left to carry my shell
with no help from the current

lifeless, i am dragging me down
hollow, i'm left to fend for myself

forget everything that you've come to know
we are not meant for much but to carry our own misery
is there a god cursing every step that i take?
or have i been forced to commit myself to the dirt?
we're chasing the light in the darkest of graves
but the fortunate ones know to wait until mourning

be still
serenity blesses us in waves
and with eyes like mountains, we're drawn to the brow
leave this life behind and take the next step in the right direction stare at the sky, and offer yourself to circumstance
be the burn
burn me alive
be the burn
burn me alive

your ghost holds me close
as i'm ravaged by the solitary that surrounds my former home
use me until you've spent the rest of my remains
and then try to validate your actions
cursing every empty vein
that used to be inhabited by your impression
paralyze me
to ensure i have no chance of knowing the feeling of affection
it's no secret that i've shed the common decency
that appoints the world with the burden of devotion to our kin
i gave you everything i had and the world has left me exhausted
so make me feel
so make me feel something
anything that might change my mind
as worthless as i am, i know that i still serve a purpose
to leech off the light and absolve my insignificance
lay me to rest
lay me to rest inside of a glass casket
so you can remember me with a smile on my face
adorning me in my own failures
so you can count them as you stand above my bones
i wish i were a better man
i am a coward masked in courage
and just admitting this will not save me this time
so free me from my tired mind
and let me learn the difference
between a single tear and the runoff of an ocean
weak and weary from my predatory nature
so bless me with abandonment in my greatest time of need
let me carry on knowing that i could never truly face my reflection
it's much easier to caress the broken glass broken glass
though if i accidentally catch a glimpse of myself in the shards
i will put my faith in the shrapnel to correct my vision
i am a stranger when i stare into the eyes of those i love
look away in disgust
protect yourself from the sight of my deception
i am a stranger when i stare into the eyes of those i love
look away in disgust
protect yourself from the sight of my deception

congregate what little ounce of decency is left
and gather enough courage to invoke contractions in your vocal chords
admission of guilt through confrontation
i've had to chisel every lie out of your mouth
and after all this time i've grown immune to your embrace
spare me and my virgin ears from a stale conception
admit that i'm the victim and cradle consequence
line your insides with a sense of wrongly obtained righteousness
spread your poison as thin as you possibly can
to ensure you violate every inch of common ground
call me a cancer
keep convinced that you're not sick yourself
you will be exposed as soon as the world's eyes can fully adjust to the dark
i was the cure to your corrosion
but now i want to watch your skin rust and slowly grow discoloured
and when your throat buckles under the weight of the accumulation of perjury
i want to watch the life seep out of your tear duct
as your death rattle hits my eardrum and thaws what's left of my cold heart
i hope you choke to death
the compass has been cracked
i hope you fucking choke to death

take comfort in the cadence of the bond we share
a visionary born and raised to see with an unbiased sense of sight
we pause just for a second to properly embrace the radiance
we are the anointed dipped in filth
taught to cower in fear of being identified
but tragedy will find us
and i'm held captive by my spoiled soul
i won't allow it to affect my stride
the procession will proceed
as we're gifted with our own idea of peace
so find yourself in me
i promise i will keep you as we harvest the passion that remains
make my skin your sanctuary
i make a pact with the earth to draw life from the living
make my skin your sanctuary
leap to the beat of my blood
so place your hand in mine, drag your feet across the tops of trees
breathe easy knowing that the branches will support you
and the weight of your complication
in the midst of the ruin that surrounds us
we communicate but only in tongues
our lips will welcome the caress of crucifixion
and we stain the wood with defeat
i am not a mortal, i am a metaphor for moving forward

i long to run hand in hand with angels
to feel the grace of shattered glass against my wrist
did the mother of god cry for her son?
will mine suffer the same before i'm gone?
the last thing i will see is my own face
as i float between two worlds

i long to run hand in hand with angels
to feel the grace of shattered glass against my wrist
don't weep for me
i will shine brighter from above
to feel the need for the first time as i leave

did the mother of god cry for her son
even though she knew this day would come?
before i'm gone, the stations of the cross
serve as reminders of the closest things we've lost
nothing left to love
will you love me when there's nothing left to love?
nothing left to love
will you love me when there's nothing left to love?
nothing left to love
will you love me when there's nothing left to love?
nothing left to love
will you love me when there's nothing left to love?
nothing left to love
love me when there's nothing left to love
nothing left to love
love me when there's nothing left to love
nothing left to love
love me when there's nothing left to love
nothing left to love

nothing left to love
nothing left to love
nothing left to love
nothing left to love
nothing left to love
nothing left to love
nothing left to love

i'm clinging to the wings of nightmares
detaching every finger one by one
shaken awake
to find our absence hasn't manifested yet
longing for a sense of loss
picking me apart like birds of prey
where illusions will depart from unhinged jaws
silent in the presence of your name
rip the memory from my mind
perfectly still, but somehow running out of time

keep your distance
from the flowers that will decorate my corpse
undeserving of a chance to watch them thrive
remove the sickness
before it has a chance to run its course
i knew we'd never make it out alive

clairvoyant only to delusion
as you salvage fantasy to fit your needs
you held my lifeless body to your heart
and convinced yourself that you could feel a pulse

laying traps beneath my feet
i will chew through to the bone in my desire to be free
rip the memory from my mind
perfectly still, but somehow running out of time

keep your distance
from the flowers that will decorate my corpse
undeserving of a chance to watch them thrive
remove the sickness
before it has a chance to run its course
i knew we'd never make it out alive

your shadow will keep me
blinded by the light living in lies
allowing fallen petals to turn black
reflecting the colour of your insides

rip the memory from my mind
hold my lifeless body to your heart
and convince yourself that you still feel a pulse
rip the memory from my mind
perfectly still, but somehow running out of time

how comforting it feels to breathe with hands around my neck
sleepwalk your way around my arteries if you're restless
dig through me
dig through me
swim beneath my skin
in the precipitation i've graciously gathered

i won't let you drown inside me
i won't let you drown inside me

useless blood will fade
like a dark cloud that has purged itself of rain
humanity will bathe in our transparency
positioned over trenches
we allow our wounds to drain
searching for a virgin conduit in vain

how comforting it feels to breathe
with your knees upon my chest
when consciousness disguises itself as paralysis
dig through me
dig through me
swim beneath my skin
in the precipitation i've graciously gathered

i won't let you drown inside me
i won't let you drown inside me

positioned over trenches so we can purge ourselves of rain
falling from our wounds through empty arteries

you are the blood that my heart bleeds
you are the blood that my heart bleeds

positioned over trenches
so we can purge ourselves of rain
falling from our wounds
you are the blood my heart bleeds

in you no passion bleeds
a shell that's thin and withering
did you misplace your flame
in pursuit of a new hell to help you heal or burn the same?
dedication makes a martyr out of me
while you're afraid to offer flakes of skin
your fire dies, dependent on the embers i provide
shield your blaze from beads of sweat

no servant
no servant of mine
turn your back and flee
bending over backwards to be sure we watched you leave
no servant of mine
turn your back and flee
you are not owed more than the shoulders you have burdened

contentment breeds in our disintegration
like bitter pills digested by the sick
i wish you luck and hope you've found your medicine
pray that it kills you quick
the chase has clouded your perception
beg to be buried in the sky
dependent on the embers i provide, your fire dies
the same mud buries both of us alive
and still you search for different shades of dirt

no servant
no servant of mine
turn your back and flee
bending over backwards to be sure we watched you leave
no servant of mine
turn your back and flee
you are not owed more than the shoulders you have burdened

all of our lives we've been told what to believe
nothing is perfect so what's the point of purpose?
the line that separates the weak from us who truly care
is one i don't intend to cross
the heart of man beats but only in greedy hands
and it seems that most are still content
where most are comfortable accepting insignificance
we strive to find the effort within

you open up your eyes, and open up your mind
you will be exposed, to a world as cold
as those who are left to populate it
two decades spent swallowing lie, after lie
has sparked a fire in my heart
and the time has come to spread the flame

we can't continue wasting time
day after day trying to find a new means of escape
we can't continue wasting time
day after day

i do it day after day
i do it day after fucking day
and i can't face the disconnect
i'll shed the dead weight and rise
and i can't face the disconnect
i'll shed the dead weight and rise

i never thought, that i would need to justify a reason
to continue on in this life i lead
i fucking hate the world
i fucking hate myself
i swore i'd never fucking feel like this

and i hate the world
and i hate myself
i hate the world

i am a desperate attempt at putting my exhaustion into words
cut my tongue out of my mouth
it's about as useless as my lungs
i have nothing left in me to give
i am a monument for those who live and breathe in empty space
put a fucking bullet in my head
and dig your feet into my back before you leave
murder me and my intentions or bury me alive
fill my lungs with dirt and watch the light drain from my eyes
fold me in half like the blank pages that will taunt me to my face
words like razors aimed directly at my wrists and now i speak
i have nothing left in me to give
words like razors aimed directly at my wrists and now i speak
i have nothing left in me to give
tie my lies around my throat until i finally tell the truth
i have nothing left in me to give
words like razors aimed directly at my wrists and now i speak
i have nothing left in me to give
this is my eulogy, don't pretend to miss me when i'm gone

compare our dependence to predator and prey
a parallel engraved into our souls by the work of broken hands
contradiction carved in canvas
and our nail-beds ache from scratching at the surface

coerced by your creation
finding foundation in decay
with the culmination of our failure on display
convince yourself i am your greatest masterpiece

disassemble me however you see fit
and put me back together absolving me of my impurities
and you know i'd welcome your embrace
even if your arms resembled teeth

cover me in scars
close your eyes in case i bleed
i'd let you cover me in scars if you could carry me forever

carry me forever in your heart
carry me forever in your heart
carry me forever in your heart

a predator, a prey
release me from the mouth of dependency
forgive me for my absence
our love will know not wasted time

portraits of hope reflecting of a blade that bears my name
hanging inches from my head
there is no light bright enough to bring my shadow back to life
a presence that the fortunate weren't predisposed to feel
my seance of surrender will fall upon deaf ears
promises i have disowned appear before me
resembling the outline of my soul
unravel me, every sentence makes me sick
bound and abandoned by a noose that lifts me off my feet
hanging like a halo overhead, i knew your rope was made for me
fading, i fall backwards into the dust
positioned vertically, but a casket knows to catch me
buried only waist-deep in the earth
we carve the fading features of our silhouettes into our coffin doors
hope is a blade that bears my name
i knew your rope was made for me

a calm rushes over me
as i picture my corpse, ill-fated with the faults i can't escape
a sigh of relief, a sigh of relief used to signify the blight
that infects the last few fragments of my skull

sometimes i swear i think that i'll be fine
i've made up my mind, death is my birthright
i am a noose waiting to be tied
still i try to elude the truth and embrace my disguise
because this way of life takes its toll on mine
and i don't want to be alive

bury me breathing so i can watch myself decay
bury me breathing so i can watch myself decay
so i can watch myself decay

we are stillborns by definition
but our pulse-infected wrists will disagree
we burden ourselves with intent and ambition
when we've accepted that all hope is lost
so dance past my lips and disperse
leaving no trace of human condition
our bodies blind the world with a sense of selflessness
that only a trained eye can see

you blame me for your blindness
open your eyes
you blame me for your blindness
open your eyes

i'm shaking and so are my hands
and i can't tell if it's the cold or if i'm finally feeling regret
a martyr in my own mind and a pariah
given the capacity of my own guilt
do i fight the fact that i am a nervous wreck
or do i face the forthcoming collision head on?
i don't know how to abandon my blind heart
and i'm convinced that you deserve this
my organs are dark and minuscule
in comparison to yours
i'm no longer pining to cure my disease
i'm just dying to advance the process
trim your wings and deceive me
cinch your halo around my neck
because death houses such beauty
if we can enjoy what will grow in its absence
we are thin and wasted at both ends
and we've accepted our position
i was never worthy of following your footsteps
so be sure to leave no evidence that you've existed
we dare not turn and face the figures treating us to our descent
if we knew their origin then we'd surely be disgusted
this is the kind of illness
that leaves us rotting from the inside out
and we wear this on our sleeves
content with our casualty
i would do this all over again
i'm the catalyst of our collapse
haunted by conviction
and a partner to the pain
forgive me for who i've become these past few years
forgive me for allowing my love to disappear
trim your wings and deceive me
cinch your halo around my neck
and just leave me alone with my thoughts
eaten alive until there's nothing left to mourn
i will resonate through the minds of others
as a corpse and nothing more, nothing more

not what you need
not what you need
we've been seduced by suffering
in spite of separation

embedded in my head
the hallucination settles

if our memories don't drag their feet in dirt
their steps can't be retraced
so we spin until we're sick
longing for the loss of balance
a fall that carries us from heaven to our grave

you haunt me
you haunt me like an empty home
priceless possession
i bring you with me wherever i go
wander through me
rearranging my insides in search of sleep
so well rested
you forget to bring me with you when you leave

punish my body for the things my soul has seen
i've been staring into sunlight counting backwards
while the radiance blinds me
flawed reflections will make themselves at home
convincing us to walk barefoot through miles of broken mirrors

you haunt me
you haunt me like an empty home
priceless possession
i bring you with me wherever i go
wander through me
rearranging my insides in search of sleep
so well rested
you forget to bring me with you when you leave

hollow out my body
i know you need somewhere to sleep
change the locks on doors i've left open inside of me
hollow out my body
i'm not what you need
not what you need
in spite of separation
we've been seduced by suffering

you haunt me
like an empty home
you haunt me

migrate as you may
swallowing your spare key for safekeeping
wander where you please
inside of me
you haunt me

warn only those who choose to hear
a disappearing trail of death
so spare me your sentiments and accept me as i am
salvation reaches out through familiar screams
begging me to stay
reserve your mourning for the dead
who wish they had but one day left
no need to waste your grief on me
i'm with you now

will the ones i love
forgive me for leaving too soon?
caught in the space between paradise and plague
there's nowhere i'd rather be than with you

warn only those who choose to hear
a disappearing trail of death
abandon the hope you had and accept me as i am

no one could save me
i was born inside my grave

no one could save me
i was born inside my grave

reserve your mourning for the dead
who wish they had but one day left
no need to waste your grief on me
i'm with you now

will the ones i love
forgive me for leaving too soon?
caught in the space between paradise and plague
there's nowhere i'd rather be than with you
there's nowhere i'd rather be than with you
there's nowhere i'd rather be than with you

i can't escape you
no matter how far i run can't escape you
i can't erase you
from who i've become you're a part of me
memories coursing through my veins
like the scars in yours, my roots remain

i was raised in hell
i made it out by myself
i was raised to bleed
bad blood runs wild and free
bad blood runs wild and free
bad blood runs wild and free

i thought you were dreaming i thought you were dreaming
eyes rolled to the stars
sinking slowly in muddy water
set beneath the tar, you left me in dark

we grew up scared, bruised and battered
youth torn and tattered
as long as you were sky high
nothing fucking mattered
hotel homes in the cross
under the bridge and lost
with your heads in the clouds above
you call this love?
you call this love?

i was raised in hell
i made it out by myself
i was raised to bleed
bad blood runs wild and free

i thought you were dreaming hell raised me
i thought you were dreaming
bad blood runs wild and free
bad blood runs wild and free
bad blood runs wild and free

in an age where stars only draw us in
gaze is swept from our mother who birthed us here
she's stormy, doubted and over-relied on
take a good long look at that horizon

we bleed it dry
we
 multiply
and soon we'll say it's time to fly
so scorch the host

silenced by the solar wind
forests evergreen wither to sand
there's still shade in this wasteland
shadows of towering glass span
as far as you can set your sights on
take a good long look at that horizon

we bleed it dry
we multiply
and soon we'll say it's time to fly
so scorch the host

she's stormy, doubted and over-relied on
she's stormy, doubted and over-relied on
she's stormy, doubted and over-relied on
take a good long look at that horizon
open your eyes
two worlds collide
open your eyes

we bleed it dry
we multiply
and soon we'll say it's time to fly
so scorch the host
watch it die

save us

if you thought you knew it all
don't shift your view, you might slip and fall
a long way down and down this rabbit hole
if the tunnel runs any deeper
you might come out the other side of the world
maybe upside down you'll be able see this isn't what it seems
we are far from free

we're caught in the undertow
deeper and deeper into the unknown
we're caught in the undertow
follow the leader down with the undertow

action floats in limbo like driftwood in the sea
under cctv, so dig down deep
the more you uncover, the more you disbelieve
the more you will discover
we are far from free
heroes exposing corruption in who we obey
blow the whistle from a burning stake
the whistle blows from a burning stake
corruption won't keep revolution at bay

we're caught in the undertow
deeper and deeper into the unknown
we're caught in the undertow
follow the leader down with the undertow
spied on, lifelong, collection 24 7
archives of all we've done
satellites track our lives beyond the skies
not even your mind can hide from big brother's eyes
it's time to take back our home
thank you mr. snow

set me free!

feeling all the love i swear that it's in the air
leaving me, floating forever into infinity
i can see the colors dance when i close my eyes
witnessing mysterious design
i can feel my body rush from the love inside of me

can't you see the joy of life is right before your eyes?
infinite bliss, infinite love
take a chance, close your eyes and just dream
it sets me free
why can't you see the joy of life is right before your eyes?
infinite bliss, infinite love
take a chance, close your eyes and just dream

we walk around blinded like children in the dark
so cold and so empty, how did this even start?
it's time to remember what it's like to feel alive, feel alive

set me free!
set me free!

can't you see the joy of life is right before your eyes?
infinite bliss, infinite love
take a chance, close your eyes and just dream
it sets me free
why can't you see the joy of life is right before your eyes?
infinite bliss, infinite love
take a chance, close your eyes and just dream

feeling all the love i swear that it's in the air
leaving me, floating forever into infinity
quantum fluctuations project into the air
leaving me floating forever into infinity
infinite potential! infinite potential!

tiptoe through the ruins of my mind
desolation in disguise
i've been locked out of my thoughts for a long time
the rusted gates deteriorate
do my insecurities relate?
it's like i'm waiting to fall apart, to fall apart
waiting to fall, waiting to fall
waiting to fall apart

my eyes are a sight below the surface
the veil's wearing thin

i don't fit into my skin
maybe i'm just like the rest of them
but i refuse to take the medicine
to escape the mess i'm in
outspoken by the voices in my head
the voices in my head

my mind is silenced by the talking heads
chattering at me with every waking breath
my eyes are a sight below, these voices i can't put to rest
my eyes are a sight below, the veil's wearing thin

i don't fit into my skin
maybe i'm just like the rest of them
but i refuse to take the medicine
to escape the mess i'm in
outspoken by the voices in my head
the voices in my head

my mind is silenced by the talking heads
drowning out reason, drowning in lament
my mind is silenced by the talking heads
outspoken by the voices in my head
outspoken by the voices in my head, fuck

my mind is silenced by the talking heads
chattering with every waking breath
my mind is silenced by the talking heads
outspoken by the voices in my head

i know what it was like to lose someone who raised you
did they still love you when they lost their grip in overdose?
facing doors i'd never hold a key to
searching for gold in a broken home
i know what it was like to have a gift to give away
i know what it was like to prove to them you had something

but someone just like me
took the world away from you

just like me
took the world away from you
someone just like me
took the world away from you
away from you

searching for gold in a broken home
i'm drawing blood, blood from a stone
i have nothing, no silver lining
just the guilt of surviving
i have nothing but the guilt left in me

but someone just like me
took the world away from you

someone just like me
took the world away from you
someone just like me
took the world away from you
away from you

away from you
away from you
i'm still trying, your will dying
i'm still trying, your will dying
i'm still trying, your will dying

i am what i create
lashed by tongues of electric fire
shimmering rivers crystalline
run though frozen glimpses in time
and i just can't ignore this sight
pouring down on me relentlessly
i just can't ignore this feeling
deafened by rolling waves of realisation
frozen, mesmerised in the rain

in my darkest days
i only saw the shades of grey
in a world that drips in colour
droplets of life form in freefall in convalescence
they hammer into the soil
carving new streams of essence, through turmoil
i am just as fluid, as immortal and lucid
as the earth that morphs, in the violence of a thunderstorm
my life is what i make of my trials and my mistakes
my life is what i make, i am what i create
i am what i create
i am what i create
i am what i create

in my darkest days
i only saw the shades of grey
in a world that drips in colour

the last of our martyrs seeks no adoration
from his castle in the air of eternal vibration
we won't lose sight of the lasting words he wrote
we won't lose sight of what matters most
a shining beacon of wisdom
armed to the teeth
fearless conviction
now that he's gone we're going to miss him
immortalised between the lines
conceived by a human heart inside
he once said to us, my friend hope is a prison
but the hope his chords sung only spread love
in a hollow crowned kingdom
there are no fighters left here anymore
see you on the other side
of that open door
we won't lose sight
we won't lose sight
of the lasting words he wrote
we won't lose sight of what matters most

i'm breathing just to pass the time
i forgot to eat tonight
just running down the clock today
with hope the ache will go away

body starts to shake
head begins to spin
leaves me in its wake
i'm paralyzed with pain

we suffer in a heartmachine
unstable, feeling everything
pins and needles stitching up my skin
we suffer

hope is strange, sometimes it leads you on
there's no exception when you're halfway gone
a second chance flash of light that brought me to my knees
a burning vision etched in memories

body starts to shake
head begins to spin
leaves me in its wake
i'm paralyzed with pain

we suffer in a heartmachine
unstable, feeling everything
pins and needles stitching up my skin
we suffer trapped in a heartmachine

time heals the wounds, it builds up strength inside
facing the truth, there's nothing left to hide

we suffer
unstable
pins and needles
we suffer trapped in a heartmachine

lost in a valley of smoke
i lose sight of those i love
i can't live in this dream
wandering the world a lost soul
a shell of a man
frozen in a toxic trance
a shell of a man
frozen in a toxic trance
unfamiliar reflections stare at me
these eyes are not my own
running from my demons in this endless valley
uh
show me the way show me the way
because i no longer know
right from wrong
i know what has to be done
the smoke will settle
the demons will come
and i will be torn apart apart, apart, apart, apart...
exposing my weakness the world will see, the world will see
what i never, what i never, what i never fucking wanted
as i stare at your face, soaked in disgrace
what is the price, a judgment of life
i cry out in this dispossession
exposing my weakness the world will see
what i never, what i never, what i never fucking wanted
they crowd around me
here to take their share of my mind
i can no longer
muster the strength to face them alone, all on my own
they whisper echoes in unknown tongues
i refuse to absorb their toxic words
i've forgotten how to love
searching behind locked doors in my mind
they whisper echoes in unknown tongues
i refuse to absorb their toxic words
i've forgotten how to love
searching behind locked doors in my mind
cast aside the fear of reality
face the fucking world
cast aside the fear of reality
face the fucking world
oh

set fire to an icon
set fire to the lie
set fire, bid farewell
i'll be a martyr to myself
where do i go
if every turn there's a vulture waiting
to pick at my bones
and bury me alive?

my lungs are whitewashed
a million thoughts on the tip of my tongue
i can't keep hiding
my guts in tight knots
abandon who i've become
or fight for what's inside me?

set fire to an icon
set fire to the lie
set fire, bid farewell
i'll be a martyr to myself
where do i go
if every turn there's a vulture waiting
to pick at my bones
and bury me alive?

it's me against the world
it's me against the world
it's me against the world

i feel their claws sinking in
as the life spirals out from my inner self
let the earth where i carved my name burn

burn

set fire to an icon
set fire to the lie
set fire, bid farewell
i'll be a martyr to myself
where do i go
if every turn there's a vulture waiting
to pick at my bones
and bury me alive?

it's me against the world
it's me against the world

tear my throat from my neck
wouldn't you love a voiceless wreck?
pull me apart like i'm defective
point out my flaws like you'll be respected
strike out my name with infinite potential
speak for my fame like you're influential
how do you sleep so sound
with so many demons in your head to wrestle?

you fed me lies
i severed ties

you can't make me disappear
you tried to break me but i'm still here
you can't make me disappear
you tried to break me but i'm still here
you can't make me disappear

keep running, joke, you are regret
always bouncing back just like your cheques
a monument on hollow ground
lived nine lives more then fucking sold me out
cat took your tongue but none of your credentials
don't waste my time with your sentimentals
how can you speak without a shred of sincere?

you can't make me disappear
you tried to break me but i'm still here
you can't make me disappear
you tried to break me but i'm still here
you can't make me disappear

point out my flaws, strike out my name
pull me apart, you fucking fake

you can't make me disappear
you tried to break me, i'm still here
i'm still here
i'm still here

you are regret
wouldn't you love a voiceless wreck?
tear my throat from my neck
you are regret
wouldn't you love a voiceless wreck?
tear my throat from my neck

the curtains were always drawn
splinters of light spilled through the walls
escape was alone in my sleep
'cause now i can't feel

i can't feel at all
i can't feel at all
your embrace in this freefall

sharing a tired mattress on the floor
hazy eyes in the night
waking to the crash as he broke down the door
loaded for slaughter
please don't kill me in the face of my son and daughter
i still hear them screaming

but i can't feel at all
i can't feel at all
your embrace in this freefall
your embrace in this freefall
your embrace in this freefall

like cold metal to the temple of my father
i'm numb when you suffer
i'm numb when you suffer

no empathy to give to another soul
stolen from me forever, i will never be whole
no empathy to give to another soul
i'm numb when you suffer

i can't reach your hand
i can't liberate you
i know you're alive, but in my heart i've said goodbye
so tonight, i'm sleepless

afraid of what i might become
of course i've tried to ignore
but still it leaves me feeling numb
i wished i could've done more
it's taken over every cell
why are you drowning yourself
when you are so unwell?

i can't reach your hand
i can't liberate you
i know you're alive, but in my heart i've said goodbye
so tonight, i'm sleepless
sleepless
sleepless

i keep this out of sight, out of mind
but i never left it all behind
i never left it all behind

i can't reach your hand
i can't liberate you
i know you're alive, but in my heart i've said goodbye
so tonight, i'm sleepless

i'm sleepless, sleepless
i'm sleepless, sleepless
i'm sleepless, sleepless
i'm sleepless, sleepless

follow me underwater
until the searchlights leave the shore
follow me underwater
until we find what we're looking for

plastic oceans, plastic farms
cover your footprints like a band-aid on a broken arm
they found the pipeline through the soul in the soil
i thought this place never changed
but now the reefs are bleeding smells of oil
and the forests are up in flames
you fell asleep, you fell asleep, you fell asleep
while your bed burned
you fell asleep, you fell asleep, you fell asleep
while your bed burned
give me a reason, tell me why we lost our reason
tell me the truth, not an excuse
cause we have everything to lose

plastic oceans, plastic farms
cover your footprints like a band-aid on a broken arm
there's a cancer in our lifeblood, so silently it grew
the streams of least resistance poison me and poison you
there's a virus in the air, that drags the wind out from my chest
i don't see a way out
all i see is a sphere of unrest
show me a way out
show me a way out
show me a way out
follow me underwater
until the searchlights leave the shore
follow me underwater
until we find what we're looking for

plastic oceans
, plastic farms
cover your footprints like a band-aid on a broken arm
you fell asleep, you fell asleep, you fell asleep
while your bed burned
you fell asleep, you fell asleep, you fell asleep
while your bed burned

comatose in the arms of morpheus
drifting away to a place
where there's more than this
blindfolded visionary, eyes lost in the black and bleak
chasing footsteps in the dark, lost for where they'll lead
idols and stars shower light on the sublime
blinding your mind's eye
bright as your dreams shine
blinding your mind's eye
reclaim your life
reclaim your life
from the iron grip of social design
reclaim your life
your cycle around the sun is eclipsing
like most of us i was misled into a swarm of noise and distortion
eroding my deepest thoughts before my inner voice had spoken
to remind me i'm gifted with the power to dream
to see what has never been seen
but i handed it over, consumed by culture
cloaking the eyes of the visionary
comatose in the arms of morpheus
drifting away to a place
where there's more than this
hypnosis

"we have to stop consuming our culture. we have to create culture. don't watch tv, don't read magazines, don't even listen to npr. create your own roadshow. the nexus of space and time, where you are now, is the most immediate sector of your universe. and if you're worrying about michael jackson or bill clinton or somebody else, you are disempowered. you are giving it all away to icons. icons which are maintained by an electronic media, so that you want to dress like x or have lips like y. this is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. that is all cultural diversion. and what is real is you and your friends, your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, and your fears. and we are told no. we're unimportant, we're peripheral, get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that, and then you're a player. you don't even want to play in that game. you want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world. where is that at?"

time in constant motion
like the shifting desert sands
slipping through my hands

chasing down the minutes
that turn into days
seconds get shorter
as years fall away

chasing down my dreams
under borrowed light
a mirage in the distance
escaping my sight

driven to live or driven apart
what's inside us when we depart
driven to live outside of regret
time is finite, the clocks are set
driven to live or driven apart
driven to live or driven apart

i realize my flame is burning away
starward searching i will find my way
the power of the mind ready to combust
i will show you fear in a handful of dust
i will show you fear in a handful of dust

combust

my flame is fleeting
but i will live and learn
rise and burn, tick and turn
rise and burn

time in constant motion
like the shifting desert sands
slipping through my hands

driven to live or driven apart
what's inside us when we depart
driven to live outside of regret
time is finite, the clocks are set
driven to live or driven apart
driven to live or driven apart
combust

brick by brick, from day one
the odds were stacked against me
brick by brick, overrun
now the walls that surround me
block the sun
now the walls that surround me
block the sun

stranded by what comforts me
life's a nightmare blooming free

bleary eyes trace the lines
i cross between
i can't see if the grass is green
or if the garden's dead and twisted
like me on the inside
like me on the inside

stranded by what comforts me
life's a nightmare blooming free
stranded by what confronts me
i escape with what i choose to breathe

the odds were stacked against me
now the walls that surround me
block the sun
block the sun
block the sun
block the sun
block out the sun

stranded by what comforts me
life's a nightmare blooming free
stranded by what confronts me
i escape with what i choose to breathe
choose to breathe

block out the sun
the odds were stacked against me

salted streams of dismay
cascade down my swollen face
i'm not afraid, i'm not afraid
and i can taste your failure

blame, a loyal dog on a tight lead
shame, a rabid wolf you can't feed
pain is what you feel but you can't speak
so take it out on me
take it out on me

i was here to catch your blows
bruises, tears, no place called home
by your design, my fear's alive
no place to hide your sacrifice
butterfly wings would shake the ground
every minuscule action you surround
with anger, abuse and more bad news
your truth is fear, you taste of failure

blame, a loyal dog on a tight lead
shame, a rabid wolf you can't feed
pain is what you feel but you can't speak
so take it out on me

salted streams of dismay
cascade down my swollen face
i'm not afraid
i'm not afraid
i'm not afraid
and i can taste your failure
i will never let myself be like you

you think we're one in the same
there's more to me than a name
i'll wear it proud but
i will never let myself be like you
i will never let myself be like you
i will never let myself be like you

i spoke a vow today and asked if god would come and play
i've dug a shallow hole for him to sleep
but i swear he just won't answer me
i call on out, is he afraid? i'll bury him down with the ones he keeps
and if the devil is listening, i'll come for him as well
if i suspect he had a hand to play
and if i see his face in town, there's room for two down underground
nothing's gonna stop me till i'm done
until i'm done
until i'm done
until i'm done
until i'm done
'cause tonight i'm killing gods
killing gods

it's guilt and frustration, it's everything between
the silence and the absence hitting home
peripheral glances and the chasing of a sound
i never knew i'd miss until it's gone
so ask me how i'm coping, and i'll smile and tell you: "i'm just fine"
while down inside i'm drowning in the fucking rain
because when everything is empty and your heart is set to cave
sometimes all you wish for is a place, is a place to place the blame

burn your heaven, flood your hell
drown you in your wishing wells
burn your heaven, flood your hell
damn you all 'cause tonight i'm killing gods

the incendiary shock wave, scorched earth policy
the devastation that only loss will leave
the chants and incantations of daily rituals
a subtle lapse in brutal honesty
so ask me how i'm coping, and i'll smile and tell you: "i'm just fine"
while down inside i'm screaming till i fucking bleed
because when everyone's expendable and your heart can't take the weight
the last thing that you wish for is the face, is the face to face the pain

burn your heaven, flood your hell
drown you in your wishing wells
burn your heaven, flood your hell
damn you all 'cause tonight i'm killing gods

i spoke a vow today and asked if god would come and play
'cause i just wanna cut that fucker down
face me, face me, face me, face me
face me, face me, none survive
face me, face me, none survive, go
none survive
the devil and god have died inside me

do you see me?
do you see what i've become?
i'm not the same beast
i leave a scar on all i touch
you think you know me now
is it better than i know myself?
i know it hurts like hell
admitting just how you've misjudged
all my life i've been told the same old
don't step out, don't test the mould
we know your kind, yeah, we know you
so much better than you know yourself
see, the ones that won't engage me
are the same trying to cage me
but i can't sit still, and i won't be tame
when the lights go out, better know your enemy

'cause i've spent a lifetime shadowboxing with death
and we'll dance with the devil till there's no songs left

so do you see me?
do you see what i've become?
i'm not the same beast, no
i leave a scar on all i touch
you think you know me now
is it better than i know myself?
i know it hurts like hell
admitting just how you've misjudged
you don't know me, you cannot own me
the path i'm on don't fit the old me
i bare my soul as i keep evolving
and i chase this taste for blood
see, i learned real young, don't seek no gold
trust no fool, and you won't get sold
i never feared the dark, no, i just became it
when the lights go dead, you better pray you're safe, kid

'cause i've spent a lifetime shadowboxing with death
and we'll dance with the devil till there's no songs left
i try to keep my cool and not let this hate win
i find this mask i wear can't keep the darkness in

the world you know was born to fade
we'll dance upon its grave

you don't know me, you cannot hold me
you should've guessed that you can't control me
i raise my soul like a private army
and i steel myself for war
'cause i learned real young when you walk through hell
the devil can't buy what you won't sell
so i took my fear, reshaped and aimed
'cause when the night caves in, no one will save you

so we'll dance with the devil till there's no songs left
i try to keep my cool and not let this hate win
i find this mask i wear can't keep the darkness in
this mask i wear can't keep the darkness in

from crooked faith, the darkness flows
from hallowed halls, through broken homes
to prey upon the weakest lamb
the cruellest heart is truly man

and when the judgment came, they told us: "turn away"
as their laughter whipped the halls like cracking bones
small words and hollow gestures, the rats are closing ranks
they paint themselves as angels, oh, so wrong

libera nos, libera nos
deliver us from the blackest of mass
libera nos, libera nos
deliver us justice for the lost

straight down, i see their wings are burning
but it's a shallow fall
straight down, i see their wings are burning
there are no halos to be found
there are no halos to be found
so save your breath

nothing here is sacred, nothing is divine
if heaven's gates are open, then i think i'll wait in line
nothing here is holy when every faith is blind
so save your breath, i don't need more excuses

libera nos, libera nos
deliver us from the blackest of mass
libera nos, libera nos
deliver us justice for the lost
but it's a shallow fall, it's a shallow fall

straight down, i see their wings are burning
but it's a shallow fall
straight down, i see their wings are burning
there are no halos to be found

i'll never see through the eyes of your lord
but i have seen through the eyes of a child
i'll never see through the eyes of your lord
but i have seen through the eyes of a child
i hope you rot

straight down, i see their wings are burning
but it's a shallow fall
straight down, i see their wings are burning
there are no halos to be found

from crooked faith, the darkness flows
from hallowed halls, through broken homes
to prey upon the weakest lamb
the cruellest heart is truly man

nothing can save us, nothing between
infinite madness and the spiral of humanity
nothing controls us, nothing breeds
the void awakens in the quickening of atrophy

answer no master, never the slave
carry your dreams down into the grave
every heart, like every soul, equal to break

it's alive, can you feel it taking hold again?
in your mind, all your demons are rattling chains
welcome to a world of pain

nothing kills us, nothing seethes
extinction riding on the pale horse of destiny
nothing hates us, nothing can see
through our eyes, it dives into our minds and sows its disease

answer no master, never the slave
carry your dreams down into the grave
every heart, like every soul, equal to break

it's alive, can you feel it taking hold again?
in your mind, all your demons are rattling chains
welcome to a world of pain

it's alive, can you feel it?

it's alive, can you feel it taking hold again?
in your mind, all your demons are rattling chains
it's alive, can you feel it?
in your mind, all your demons are rattling chains
welcome to a world
welcome to a world of pain

brothers, my brothers
is this all that we are?
sisters, my sisters
we've been crushed by the fists of god

welcome to the free world where nothing's as it seems
tell me, can you find a cure when you can't see and you can't feel the disease?
can you seek a higher truth when you're living on your knees
where freedom grows from blood-soaked soil in the lands of hypocrisy?
'cause if you can't see the chains, tell me what use is a key
it's cash, blood, and oil in the age of the refugee
they're trying to buy our minds, we ain't selling
bang, bang, bang, hear they're nailing down the coffins

cut the strings, feel your heart start
cut the cord
crack this code of silence
all our lives in the hands of tyrants

crushed by the fists of god, crushed
crushed by the fists of god, crushed
we've been crushed by the fists of god
we've been crushed by the fists of god

to the left, i see the rats, and to the right, i see the snakes
in my ear, they're whispering sweet sermons of cruel hate
so do you buy the fear or do you buy the lies? tell me, what will set us free?
do we kneel before the crooked few or do we bite the fucking hand that feeds?
when death casts no shadow and hope carries no weight
rise into the light and feel the shackles fade away
they fear what we know, we know how they break
bang, bang, bang, drop the hammer of conscience

cut the strings, feel your heart start
cut the cord
crack this code of silence
all our lives

crushed by the fists of god, crushed
crushed by the fists of god, crushed
we've been crushed by the fists of god

we're just waiting for the sky to fall
yeah, i'm just waiting
feels like all our lives we've been waiting for the sky to fall
feels like all this time we've been

brothers, my brothers
is this all that we are?
sisters, my sisters
we've been

crushed by the fists of god
crushed by the fists of god, crushed
crushed by the fists of god, crushed

i got an axe to grind, a crooked mind
you better watch your back
i got an axe to grind, a crooked mind
you better watch your back
starved like a vampire chasing a vein
cruel disposition, sickness i crave
attention, attention, welcome to the stage
your new sacrifice, come sharpen your teeth

prey, we are all prey for the sorrow
prey, we are all prey for the sorrow, our sorrow
prey, prey, we're prey for the sorrow
prey, prey, prey for the sorrow

i got an axe to grind, a crooked mind
you better watch your back
i got an axe to grind, a crooked mind
you better watch your back
sick validation, gut full of pills
self-medication, it's making me ill
attention, attention, it's all eyes on me
i'll burn at the stake while you ache for the kill

prey, we are all prey for the sorrow
prey, we are all prey for the sorrow, our sorrow
prey for the sorrow, our sorrow
prey, prey, we're prey for the sorrow
prey, prey, prey for the sorrow

our new gods are empty like the holes in our heads
we dance upon the altar of envy and hubris
a scourge of narcissism reaps depression in black waves
if this is your salvation, you better pray
you better pray
you better pray
one, two, three, go

prey, we are all prey for the sorrow
prey, we are all prey for the sorrow, our sorrow
prey, prey, prey for the sorrow
prey, prey, prey for the sorrow

you never know just what you've got
till it's slipping through your fingers
never know just what you've got
till it's gone with the wind
and you never miss your shadow
till there's no one left beside you
you never miss your shadow
till you're alone, alone in the dark

you never know just what will break you
till you're picking up the pieces
never know just what will break you
till your world, it falls apart
never know how small your voice is
till you're screaming at the silence
never know how small your voice is
till you're arguing, arguing with god

but i saw death's face today
as he led my friend away
i saw death's face today
as he cast his shadow over me
i saw death's face today
as he led my friend away
so i'll ask who i gotta pay
to bring him back, bring him back to me
bring him back to me

you never know the words you should've said until they're all you're left with
until the dirt is falling and the guilt, it burns your bones
and we ask the biggest question: why the fuck did this all happen?
who on earth deserves this? and what the hell do we do now?
so we live like we have lost, and we love like we are broken
and as the colour leaves the sky, we're left in reverence of the frailty of it all

you sweep across the heavens, an extinction grade event
and carve your name upon the gates where angels fear to tread
all hail my
you shine like blood and diamonds, you sing like breaking glass
you drag them out into the street and turn their names to ash
all hail my

you hum like quiet lightning in the eye of a typhoon
a bird of illest omen crowing all impending doom
all hail my
the whisper of unnerving truth when saner minds depart
you rise like christ the saviour, you burn as joan of arc
all hail my
you bring the axe upon them with devastating grace
and on their heads, forever lay a curse upon their fate
all hail my
my spirit on unhinging force, my avalanche untamed
bearing down relentlessly on all who dare remain
all hail my

all hail my
my unnatural disaster
all hail my
my kaleidoscopic gloom
all hail my
my karmic equalizer
all hail my
my cemetery bloom

your heart, your home, your voice, it's got a price tag
sign in blood, bury your rights in a body bag
they're feeding fear through the fault lines
you heard it here first, they got your freedoms on the front line
primetime, the noose at our throats
our liberties hands run with blood of the scapegoats
so tell me how can we demonize
when we can't see life through another's eyes

pay 'em off and play 'em off
fear rolls like a reaper through the streets of the lost
pay 'em off and play 'em off
but in the eyes of the storm

the truth drops like a bomb
the truth drops like a bomb
the battle is on

hands in chains for a fist full of dollars
who do we blame for the holes in our knowledge?
the past you know has been written by the victor
so i ask you now, who is it writing your future?
the butcher, the liar, the thief or the killer?
your freedom died quiet in the halls of power
starved for peace, we'll eat war until it kills us
six feet deep with a belly full of bullets

pay 'em off and play 'em off
fear rolls like a reaper through the streets of the lost
pay 'em off and play 'em off
but in the eyes of the storm

the truth drops like a bomb
the truth drops like a bomb
the battle is on

the hate runs deep, but our hopes cut deeper
now we walk through the valley in the shadow of the reaper
money talks, and it's speaking in tongues
they put a price on our soul like they had already won
now open wide, i see their jaws locked tight
silent in the moment like prey in the floodlights
the signal is static, baptised in fire
now we see how they talk with a mouth full of barbed wire

absolute power, absolute power, absolute power
absolute power corrupts absolutely
absolute power, absolute power, absolute power
absolute power corrupts

the truth drops like a bomb
the truth drops like a bomb
the battle is on
the truth drops like a...

absolute power corrupts absolutely

you answer to me

i am the thunder and the rain, the confusion and the pain
and when i leave, i will wash your wounds clean and leave them golden
i got the whole world swinging from the end of my chain and i'm calling
i got your life in my hands and every debt will be paid and i'm calling

between the spark and the ember
you are smoke threading the wind

in time, all will return to me
in time, all find an end
you answer to me

i am the fight and the fury, gravity in all its glory
and when i come around, i bring the hammer of god down upon you
i got the whole world swinging from the end of my chain and i'm calling
i got your life in my hands and every debt will be paid and i'm calling, stop

between the spark and the ember
you are smoke threading the wind

in time, all will return to me
in time, all find an end
in time, all will return to me
in time, you'll find no other way
you answer to me

i am the end and the beginning
i am the end and the beginning
i am forever
i am eternal and nothing stands against me
you answer to me
you answer to me
you answer to me

and through it all, we wore the pain
we held our own through the darkest of our nights
it's written in my blood, it's carved into my soul
through the darkest of our nights
'cause if you couldn't stop us then
what hope do you have now
when you dragged us through the fire
did you really think that we would burn?

we're no saviours, we're no saints
we're no martyrs and we don't need saving
i've come too far to turn back
i've seen too much to play dead
if this is all you got, then take a deep breath in
as i drown you out

i'm on the edge, i'm leaning out
but i can't see the sorrow for the pain, yeah
it's written in my blood, it's carved into my soul
the sorrow and the pain
so, you think you know the story?
did you read it in the scars?
'cause when you threw us to the lions
did you really think that we would run?

we're no saviours, we're no saints
we're no martyrs and we don't need saving
i've come too far to turn back
i've seen too much to play dead
if this is all you got, then take a deep breath in

don't mistake composure for weakness
don't mistake my silence for respect
don't mistake composure for weakness
don't mistake my silence for respect
i'll burn your world to the ground then spit on the ashes

scorched fucking earth
scorched fucking earth
as i drown you out

i've come too far to turn back
i've seen too much to play dead
if this is all you got, then take a deep breath in

let me beat in your heart
be your drum of war and love
let me hide in your arms
be my cage, my key, my lock
let our bones collide
until the light falls like anvils from our eyes
when our dreams ignite
disappear in their fire

be my deathless song
fill my aching lungs

breathe your life into me
'cause i drown in your shadow like salt in the rain
if my fear is tomorrow, your memory's the fight in my veins

let me beat in your heart
be your drum of war and love
let me hide in your arms
be my cage, my key, my lock
let our bones collide
until the light falls like anvils from our eyes
when our dreams ignite
disappear in their fire

be my open sky
fill these wild eyes

breathe your life into me
'cause i drown in your shadow like salt in the rain
if my fear is tomorrow, your memory's the fight in my veins
your memory's the fight in my veins

'cause i drown in your shadow like salt in the rain
my fear is tomorrow, your memory's the fight in my veins

if home is where the heart is
why do i feel so fucking heartless?

the crumbling skyline
cuts a vicious horizon
sinking its teeth into the cold september sky

decaying towers of steel
reach with crooked spires for the heavens
like bones of the hollow chest of this town
torn wide for the scavengers

woah, woah
mother mercy, take my hand
woah, woah
follow me through this forsaken land

woah, woah
father time, return what's mine
the innocence you stole from these eyes
'cause i just feel, i just feel numb

for the vision burning before me
is one of former glory
an icon cast in the light of freer times
now writhes in a bed of lies

hope doesn't live
hope doesn't live here
love doesn't live
love doesn't live here anymore
anymore
anymore

woah, woah
mother mercy, take my hand
woah, woah
follow me through this forsaken land

woah, woah
father time, return what's mine
the innocence you stole from these eyes
'cause i just feel, i just feel numb

'cause i just feel numb
i just feel numb
i just feel numb

woah, woah
woah, woah

woah, woah
mother mercy, take my hand
woah, woah
follow me through this forsaken land

woah, woah
father time, return what's mine
the innocence you stole from these eyes
'cause i just feel, i just feel numb
'cause i just feel, i just feel numb
'cause i just feel, i just feel

when you're born in the dirt, the only way to grow is up
so we reach for the sun, but it seems
every rung that you climb is another crooked line
that you cross off the tally of your dreams
don't step out of line, kid, you learn it pretty fast
every face has its place in the crowd
they'll give you all the answers, so you don't ask any questions
then they'll march you with a smile into the ground
and we all go to heaven in a little row boat

so put your hands up, put your hands up
if crawling for the scraps won't ever be enough
put your hands up, put your hands up
the writing's on the wall, this ain't ever gonna stop
put your hands up, put your hands up
if crawling for the scraps won't ever be enough
put your hands up, put your hands up
we'll fight until we die, this ain't ever gonna stop

this stray dog world, this sick sad place
got a belly full of maggots and disease
every apple here is rotten, every blessing is a curse
every word is a lie you best believe
we take one step forward, then two steps back
in a race to the bottom of the barrel
they teach us how to fear, they teach us how to hate
then they arm us, and they march us off to hell
and it's left, left, left, right, left

so put your hands up, put your hands up
if crawling for the scraps won't ever be enough
put your hands up, put your hands up
the writing's on the wall, this ain't ever gonna stop
put your hands up, put your hands up
if crawling for the scraps won't ever be enough
put your hands up, put your hands up
we'll fight until we die, this ain't ever gonna stop
this ain't ever gonna stop

'cause they came for our minds, we said nothing
they came for our hopes, we said nothing
they came for our souls, and still, we said nothing
now they're coming for our lives, so what's it gonna take?
so what's it gonna take?
what's it gonna take? oh
what's it gonna take?
see how they run, see how they run

so put your hands up, put your hands up
if clawing for the scraps won't ever be enough
put your hands up, put your hands up
the writing's on the wall, this ain't ever gonna stop, yeah
put your hands up, put your hands up
if clawing for the scraps won't ever be enough
put your hands up, put your hands up
we'll fight until we die, this ain't ever gonna stop

we built our dreams from the ashes of your nightmares
carry our father's sins, from the cradle to the grave
we blaze our path through the darkness that you left us in
now we ride in the belly of the beast

we are the diamonds that choose to stay coal
a generation born to witness the end of the world

against the grain!
against the odds
against the world!
forever the underdogs

we are the bastard sons
we are the ones that refused to grow cold
we are the thorn in your side
we are the thieves in the night
and we're coming to take what's ours

no regrets!
no regrets,
 we inherit the sins of the fathers
now reap the vengeance
no regrets, we inherit the sins of the fathers
now reap the vengeance
go!

from the ashes of your nightmares
from the cradle to the grave
we blaze our path through the darkness that you left us in
now we ride in the belly of the beast

we are the diamonds that choose to stay coal
a generation born to witness the end of the world

born to witness the end of the world

viva the underdogs!
viva the underdogs!
viva the underdogs!
viva the underdogs!
viva the underdogs!
viva the underdogs!
viva the underdogs!

go

i've heard enough, no more, no more, you've had your time in the sun
keep your head down kid, your fifteen seconds are done
i know it hurts, i wanted it this way
all these years, i'm still the voice you can't destroy
i know how this one ends
lying in the gutter spitting teeth at the sidewalk
i know how this one ends
so bite your tongue if you can't tame it

let's get this straight while you're listening
in my world, you count for nothing

bow, you'll be the one to drown
with the rats and the snakes
bow, you'll be the one to drown
bottom feeder, bottom feeder
bottom feeder, bottom feeder

i've heard enough, i've heard enough to know
who talks the talk, who walks the walk and who's for fucking show
i know it hurts, i know it cuts
that i'm still standing, i'm everything you're fucking not
i know how this one ends
running from the world as your lies begin to cave
yeah, i know how this one ends
your hollow words make shallow graves

let's get this straight, while you're listening
in my world, you count for nothing
let's get this straight, while you're listening
in my world, you count for nothing

bow, you'll be the one to drown
with the rats and the snakes
bow, you'll be the one to drown
bottom feeder
bow, you'll be the one to drown
with the rats and the snakes
bow, you'll be the one to drown
bottom feeder

see i feel no guilt like i feel no pain
like i feel the fire running through my veins
you can't draw blood when my heart beats cold
and i'll take your word like i take your name
an ego lost in the valley of self-disdain
pride cometh before the fall and you'll break as i watch it all collapse

no mercy, no peace
you can't escape this beast
no mercy, no peace
you can't escape this beast
no mercy, no peace
you can't escape this beast
no mercy, no peace
you can't escape, now snap your neck to this
you snap your neck to this, oh

no mercy, no peace
you fucking bottom feeder
no mercy, no peace
you fucking bottom feeder, fuck

carrion!
in a moment i'm lost
dying from the inside, her eyes take me away
tear me apart from the inside out!

dead eyes speak in volumes
but our lips refuse to move
could this ever be the last time?
the final time that we see this through?
give me the strength to return
return the breath you've stolen
give me the means to reset, reset
her heart i've broken again
reflections, built upon sorrow
we're walking the darkest roads
within chests carved with regret

in a moment i'm lost
dying from the inside, her eyes take me away
tear me apart from the inside out!

from the inside out
the inside out

we've been running blind
now we're falling, through the cracks!

we're left running
we are running blind
now we're falling, falling through the cracks
back to the world of the dead

her shining eyes her shining eyes!
her shining eyes mark our return
back to the world, of the dead!

in a moment i'm lost
dying from the inside, her eyes take me away
tear me apart from the inside out!

my love i left!
my heart i left!
with my promise to return
a promise, to return
a promise, to, return
a promise, to return!

what will you tell your children
when they ask you "what went wrong?"
how can you paint a picture of a paradise lost
to eyes that know only a wasteland?
how will you justify
justify watching the world die?

the clock is ticking, can't you feel our days are numbered?
head first into disaster from which there will be no return
with narrow minds we decimate our one true home
cast into oblivion, judgement is calling

behold the pale horse
this is the funeral of the earth
behold the pale horse
this is the funeral

the blind eye can no longer be cast
the clock is ticking, there is no second chance

the blind eye can no longer be cast
there will be no future, if we can't learn from our mistakes
the clock is ticking, there is no second chance
there will be no future, if we can't learn

a forced extinction closes out the age of apathy
the final act, sacrifice the world's ecology
the death of beauty, the death of hope
cast before the throne of avarice, judgement is calling

behold the pale horse
this is the funeral of the earth
behold the pale horse
this is the funeral

the blind eye can no longer be cast
there will be no future, if we can't learn from our mistakes
the clock is ticking, there is no second chance
there will be no future, if we can't learn

i can't watch it burn
i can't watch it burn
i can't watch it burn
i can't watch it burn

i can't watch it burn
i can't watch it burn
i can't watch it burn

behold the pale horse

a system of complete control, the pressure builds
it wraps its hands around your throat
a constant battle
a silent war of mind and soul

yeah, yeah, yeah
get up, get up
one life, one shot
give it all you got
yeah, yeah, yeah
get up, get up
keep the flame alive

hope for the hopeless
a light in the darkness
hope for the hopeless
a light in, a light in the dark

the chains set to break your soul, day by day
you know the choice you have to make
freeze up and fade
or be the flame that lights the way

yeah, yeah, yeah
get up, get up
one life, one shot
give it all you got
yeah, yeah, yeah
get up, get up
keep the flame alive

hope for the hopeless
a light in the darkness
hope for the hopeless
a light in, a light in the dark
you've got one life, one shot
give it all you got

ill's got a vice grip like ice running down your spine
this world, it's got you in its sights

rise, rise, rise, rise
it's all or nothing
rise, rise, rise, rise
it's do or die
rise, rise, rise

yeah, yeah, yeah
get up, get up
one life, one shot
give it all you got
yeah, yeah, yeah
get up, get up
keep the flame alive

hope for the hopeless
a light in the darkness
hope for the hopeless
a light in the dark
we stand for the faithless and the broken
hope for the hopeless
a light in, a light in the dark

the incisions in your wrist were all for show
just like you
the epitome of self-indulgence
another farce, a charade!
and another set of crocodile tears
so serenade her with your last pathetic suicide love song!

'broken hearts never mend'--
but fools never move on!
and now she's gone because of you
and once again, you're the epitome of pure self-destruction

cupid never found his mark
as we await the insertion of blades on flesh
you part the skin and tell of blades on blood
so part the fucking skin
so part the fucking skin
to tell of blades on blood
to tell of blades on blood
of blades on blood

she said i love you
she said, she said goodbye!

so cry me a fucking river, bitch!

you wouldn't know love if it crushed your fucking chest
let go!
you wouldn't know love if it crushed your fucking chest
razors, roses and a black tomorrow
you wouldn't know love if it crushed your fucking chest
razors, roses and a black tomorrow

they never showed any affection to anything but your ego
a tragedy of errors at the best of times
you are everything that's wrong with me
you are everything that i despise
you are everything i dreamed would die
you are everything that fades away and slowly dies

will you bleed for me when suicide seems so yesterday?
will you will you bleed for me?
will you fucking bleed for me when suicide....
it's so yesterday..
it's all so fucking yesterday...

do you wanna start a cult with me?
i'm not vibrating like i oughta be
i need a purpose, i can't keep surfing
through this existential misery
now, we're gonna need some real estate
but if i choose my words carefully
think i could fool you that i'm the guru
wait, how do you spell "epiphany"?

before the truth will set you free, it'll piss you off
before you find a place to be, you're gonna lose the plot
too late to tell you now, one ear and right out the other one
'cause all you ever do is chant the same old mantra
yeah!

could i have your attention, please?
it's time to tap into your tragedy
think you could use a new abuser
close your eyes and listen carefully
imagine you're stood on a beach
water gently lapping at your feet
but now you're sinking, what were you thinking?
that's all the time we have this week

before the truth will set you free, it'll piss you off
before you find a place to be, you're gonna lose the plot
too late to tell you now, one ear and right out the other one
'cause all you ever do is chant the same old mantra

and i know this doesn't make a lot of sense
but do you really wanna think all by yourself now?
all i'm asking for's a little bit of faith
you know it's easy to believe
and i know this doesn't make a lot of sense
you know you gotta work the corners of your mind now
all i'm asking for's a little bit of faith
you know it's easy to, so easy to believe

before the truth will set you free, it'll piss you off
before you find a place to be, you're gonna lose the plot
before the truth will set you free, it'll piss you off
before you find a place to be, you're gonna lose the plot
too late to tell you now, one ear and right out the other one
'cause all you ever do is chant the same old mantra
oh!

what doesn't kill you makes you wish you were dead
got a hole in my soul growing deeper and deeper, and i can't take
one more moment of this silence, the loneliness is haunting me
and the weight of the world's getting harder to hold up

it comes in waves, i close my eyes
hold my breath and let it bury me
i'm not okay and it's not alright
won't you drag the lake and bring me home again?

who will fix me now? dive in when i'm down?
save me from myself, don't let me drown
who will make me fight? drag me out alive?
save me from myself, don't let me drown

what doesn't destroy you, leaves you broken instead
got a hole in my soul growing deeper and deeper, and i can't take
one more moment of this silence,
 
the loneliness is haunting me
and the weight of the world's getting harder to hold up

it comes in waves, i close my eyes
hold my breath and let it bury me
i'm not okay and it's not alright
won't you drag the lake and bring me home again?

who will fix me now? dive in when i'm down?
save me from myself, don't let me drown
who will make me fight? drag me out alive?
save me from myself, don't let me drown

'cause you know that i can't do this on my own
'cause you know that i can't do this on my own
'cause you know that i can't do this on my own
'cause you know that i can't do this on my

who will fix me now?
who will fix me now?
who will fix me now? dive in when i'm down?
save me from myself, don't let me drown

s-p-i-r-i-t, spirit
let's hear it
s-p-i-r-i-t, spirit
let's hear it, let's go!

i've had enough
there's a voice in my head, says i'm better off dead
but if i sing along a little fucking louder
to a happy song, i'll be alright
you want to give up
gave it all that you've got and it still doesn't cut
but if you sing along a little fucking louder
to a happy song, you'll be just fine, 'cause...

every now and again we get that feeling
and the great big void inside us opens up
and i really wish that you could help, but my head is like a carousel
and i'm going 'round in circles, i'm going 'round in circles

s-p-i-r-i-t, spirit
let's hear it
s-p-i-r-i-t, spirit
let's hear it

we are possessed
we're all fucked in the head, alone and depressed
but if we sing along a little fucking louder
to a happy song, maybe we'll forget, 'cause...

every now and again we get that feeling
and the great big void inside us opens up
and i really wish that you could help, but my head is like a carousel
and i'm going 'round in circles, i'm going 'round in circles
don't wake us up, we'd rather just keep dreaming
'cause the nightmares in our heads are bad enough
and i really wish that you could help, but my head is like a carousel
and i'm going 'round in circles, i'm going 'round in circles

the world has coalesced
into one giant mess of hate and unrest
so let's all sing along a little goddamn louder
to a happy song and pretend it's all okay let's go
so let's sing along
let's sing along
a little fucking louder!
a little fucking louder!
well, don't you feel so much better?

s-p-i-r-i-t, spirit
let's hear it well, that's the spirit
s-p-i-r-i-t, spirit
let's hear it yeah, that's the spirit

some resist the future, some refuse the past
either way, it's messed up if we can't unplug the fact
that a world covered in cables was never wired to last
so don't act so surprised when the program starts to crash

how do i form a connection when we can't even shake hands?
you're like a phantom greeting me
we plot in the shadows, hang out in the gallows
stuck in a loop for eternity

do you know why the flowers never bloom?
will you retry or let the pain resume?
i need a new leader, we need a new luden
a new luden, new luden, yeah
so come outside, it's time to see the tide
it's out of sight, but never out of mind
i need a new leader, we need a new luden

sticks and stones may break my bones but soon the sting will pass
but names can dig so many graves, you won't know where to stand
and i don't feel secure no more unless i'm being followed
and the only way to hide myself is to give 'em one hell of a show

how do i form a connection when we can't even shake hands?
you're like a phantom greeting me
we plot in the shadows, hang out in the gallows
stuck in a loop for eternity

do you know why the flowers never bloom?
will you retry or let the pain resume?
i need a new leader, we need a new luden
a new luden, new luden, yeah
so come outside, it's time to see the tide
it's out of sight, but never out of mind
i need a new leader, we need a new luden
a new luden, new luden, yeah
a new luden, new luden, yeah
a new luden, new luden, yeah
a new luden, new luden, yeah
yeah

alright, you call this a connection?
you call this a connection?
you call this a connection? okay
you call this a connection?
oh, give me a break
oh, give me a break
oh, give me a break 
okay
ugh, ooh

do you know why the flowers never bloom?
will you retry or let the pain resume?
i need a new leader, we need a new luden
a new luden, new luden, yeah
so come outside, it's time to see the tide
it's out of sight, but never out of mind
i need a new leader, we need a new luden
a new luden, new luden, yeah
a new luden, new luden, yeah
a new luden, new luden, yeah
a new luden, new luden, yeah

do you know why the flowers never bloom?
will you retry or let the pain resume?
i need a new leader, we need a new luden

my head is haunting me and my heart feels like a ghost
i need to feel something, 'cause i'm still so far from home
cross your heart and hope to die
promise me you'll never leave my side
show me what i can't see when the spark in my eyes is gone
you got me on my knees, i'm your one-man cult
cross my heart and hope to die
promise you i'll never leave your side

'cause i'm telling you, you're all i need
i promise you, you're all i see
'cause i'm telling you, you're all i need
i'll never leave

so, you can drag me through hell
if it meant i could hold your hand
i will follow you, 'cause i'm under your spell
and you can throw me to the flames
i will follow you, i will follow you

come sink into me and let me breathe you in
i'll be your gravity, you be my oxygen
so dig two graves, 'cause when you die
i swear i'll be leaving by your side

so you can drag me through hell
if it meant i could hold your hand
i will follow you, 'cause i'm under your spell
and you can throw me to the flames
i will follow you so you can drag me through hell
if it meant i could hold your hand
i will follow you, 'cause i'm under your spell
and you can throw me to the flames
i will follow you, i will follow you
i will follow you, i will follow you

so you can drag me through hell
if it meant i could hold your hand
i will follow you, 'cause i'm under your spell
and you can throw me to the flames
i will follow you, i will follow you

i've got a fever, don't breathe on me
i'm a believer in nobody
won't let me leave 'cause i've seen something
hope i don't sneeze, i don't *sneeze*
really we just need to fear something
only pretending to feel something
i know you're dying to run
i wanna turn you around

please remain calm
the end has arrived
we cannot save you
enjoy the ride
this is the moment
you've been waiting for
don't call it a warning
this is a war

it's the parasite eve
got a feeling in your stomach 'cause you know that it's coming for ya
leave your flowers and grieve
don't forget what they told ya, ayy, ayy
when we forget the infection
will we remember the lesson?
if the suspense doesn't kill you
something else will, ayy, ayy
move

i heard they need better signal
put chip and pins in the needles
quarantine all of those secrets
in that black hole you call a brain before it's too late
really we just wanna scream something
only pretend to believe something
i know you're baying for blood
i wanna turn you around hey

please remain calm hey
the end has arrived hey
we cannot save you hey
enjoy the ride hey
this is the moment hey
you've been waiting for hey
don't call it a warning
this is a war

it's the parasite eve
got a feeling in your stomach 'cause you know that it's coming for ya
leave your flowers and grieve
don't forget what they told ya, ayy, ayy
when we forget the infection
will we remember the lesson?
if the suspense doesn't kill you
something else will, ayy, ayy
it's the parasite eve it's the parasite eve
got a feeling in your stomach 'cause you know that it's coming for ya
leave your flowers and grieve
don't forget what they told ya, ayy, ayy
when we forget the infection
will we remember the lesson?
if the suspense doesn't kill you
something else will

you can board up your windows
you can lock up your doors, yeah
but you can't keep washing your hands
of this shit anymore
when all the king's sources and all the king's friends
don't know their arses from their pathogens
when life is a prison and death is the door
this ain't a warning
this is a war, war
this is a war, ayy, ayy, oh, oh

it's the parasite eve
got a feeling in your stomach 'cause you know that it's coming for ya
leave your flowers and grieve
don't forget what they told ya, ayy, ayy
when we forget the infection
will we remember the lesson?
if the suspense doesn't kill you
something else will, ayy, ayy

it's the parasite eve it's the parasite eve, ayy, ayy
it's the parasite eve, ayy, ayy
it's the parasite eve parasite eve, ayy, ayy
ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy

we cannot save you
we cannot save you
we cannot save you
we cannot save you
we cannot save you

sometimes i wonder why are we all here
call me a nihilist, i guess i'm just unclear
to why i bother, why i try
death is on my mind so much, it makes me wanna die
i lost my wife this year, we've lost our friend
always fighting battles, but it never seem to end
are we just ladders in the world of snakes?
'cause if life's one big fuckin' game, well, i don't wanna play
so come and sing me, sing me to sleep
i dealt with too much fuckin' shit and now i'm in too deep
cut off my wings, my flowers bloomed
you want salvation? well, i'm sorry, we're all doomed

cut off my wings and come lock me up
just pull the plug, yeah, i've had enough
tear me to pieces, sell me for parts
you're all vampires, so here
you can have my heart my heart, heart
you can have my heart my heart, heart
you can have my heart my heart, heart
you can have my heart my heart, heart
you can have my

the world's a funeral, a room of ghosts
no hint of movement, no sign of pulse
only an echo, just skin and bone
they kicked the chair, but we
we helped tie the rope
you can have my heart my heart, heart
you can have my heart my heart, heart
you can have my heart my heart, heart
you can have my

so come rain on my parade 'cause i wanna feel it
come shove me over the edge 'cause my head is in overdrive
i'm sorry, but it's too late, and it's not worth saving
so come rain on my parade

i think we're doomed
i think we're doomed, and now, there's no way back

you must've made some kind of mistake
i asked for death, but instead, i'm awake
the devil told me, "no room for cheats"
i thought i'd sold my soul, but he kept the receipt

so leave a light on, i'm coming home
it's getting darker, but i'll carry on
the sun don't shine but it never did
and when it rains, it fuckin' pours, but i think i like it
and you know that i'm in love with the mess, i think i like it

so come rain on my parade 'cause i wanna feel it
come shove me over the edge 'cause my head is in overdrive
i'm sorry, but it's too late, and it's not worth saving
so come rain on my parade

i think we're doomed
i think we're doomed, and now, there's no way back
i think we're doomed
i think we're doomed, and now, there's no way back

so come rain on my parade 'cause i wanna feel it
come shove me over the edge 'cause my head is in overdrive
i'm sorry, but it's too late, and it's not worth saving
so come rain on my parade

i think we're doomed
i think we're doomed, and now, there's no way back

remember the moment you left me alone and
broke every promise you ever made
i was an ocean, lost in the open
nothin' could take the pain away

so you can throw me to the wolves
tomorrow i will come back, leader of the whole pack
beat me black and blue
every wound will shape me, every scar will build my throne!

the sticks and the stones that you used to throw have
built me an empire, so don't even try
to cry me a river, 'cause i forgive you
you are the reason i still fight

so you can throw me to the wolves
tomorrow i will come back, leader of the whole pack
beat me black and blue
every wound will shape me, every scar will build my throne!
so you can throw me to the wolves
tomorrow i will come back, leader of the whole pack
beat me black and blue
every wound will shape me, every scar will build my... throne

i'll leave you choking on every word you left unspoken
rebuild all that you've broken and now you know know
i'll leave you choking on every word you left unspoken
rebuild all that you've broken and now you know

every wound will shape me, every scar will build my throne!
so you can throw me to the wolves
tomorrow i will come back, leader of the whole pack
beat me black and blue
every wound will shape me, every scar will build my throne

some people are a lot like clouds, you know
clouds, you know, clouds, you know
'cause life's so much brighter when they go
you rained on my heart for far too long far too long
couldn't see the thunder for the storm
because i cut my teeth and bit my tongue
till my mouth was dripping blood
but i never dished the dirt, just held my breath
while you dragged me through the mud
i don't know why i tried to save you 'cause
i can't save you from yourself
when all you give a shit about is everybody else

and you just can't quit, why don't you deal with it?
i think it's time to stop

you need a taste of your own medicine
'cause i'm sick to death of swallowing
watch me take the wheel like you, not feel like you
act like nothing's real like you
so i'm sorry for this, it might sting a bit

some people are a lot like clouds, you know
clouds, you know, clouds, you know
'cause life's so much brighter when they go
and i spent too long in a place i don't belong
i couldn't see the thunder for the storm

but you won't admit, why don't you get a grip?
'cause you can't keep going on and on and on and on like this
and you just can't quit, why don't you deal with it?
i think it's time to stop

you need a taste of your own medicine
'cause i'm sick to death of swallowing
watch me take the wheel like you, not feel like you
act like nothing's real like you
so i'm sorry for this, it might sting a bit

'cause i cut my teeth and bit my tongue
till my mouth was dripping blood
but i never dished the dirt, just held my breath
while you dragged me through the mud
yeah, i cut my teeth and bit my tongue
till my mouth was dripping blood
but i never dished the dirt, just held my breath
while you dragged me through the mud

and you just can't quit, why don't you deal with it?
i think it's time to stop

you need a taste of your own medicine
'cause i'm sick to death of swallowing
watch me take the wheel like you, not feel like you
act like nothing's real like you
so i'm sorry for this, it might sting a bit
taste of your own medicine taste of your own medicine
yeah, i'm sick to death of swallowing sick to death, oh
watch me take the wheel like you, not feel like you
act like nothing's real like you
so i'm sorry for this, it might sting a bit

some people are a lot like clouds, you know
clouds, you know, clouds, you know
'cause life's so much brighter when they go

can you hear the silence?
can you see the dark?
can you fix the broken?
can you feel, can you feel my heart?
can you feel my heart?

can you help the hopeless? well, i'm begging on my knees
can you save my bastard soul, will you wait for me?
i'm sorry, brothers, so sorry, lover
forgive me, father, i love you, mother

can you hear the silence? can you see the dark?
can you fix the broken? can you feel my heart?
can you feel my heart?
can you feel my heart?
can you feel my heart?

i'm scared to get close and i hate being alone
i long for that feeling to not feel at all
the higher i get, the lower i'll sink
i can't drown my demons, they know how to swim
i'm scared to get close and i hate being alone
i long for that feeling to not feel at all
the higher i get, the lower i'll sink
i can't drown my demons, they know how to swim
i'm scared to get close and i hate being alone
i long for that feeling to not feel at all
the higher i get, the lower i'll sink
i can't drown my demons, they know how to swim

can you feel my heart?
can you hear the silence?
can you see the dark?
can you fix the broken?
can you feel, can you feel my heart?

i didn't see it coming coming
but i never really had much faith
in the universe's magic magic, oh, no
till it pulled us to that time and place
and i'll never forget
when the floodgates opened, we, we cried an ocean
it still has me choking; it's hard to explain
i know you know me, you don't have to show me
i, i feel you're lonely, no need to explain

so don't say you love me; fala, "amo"
just let your heart speak up, and i'll know
no amount of words could ever find a way to make sense of this
so i wanna hear your mother tongue
so don't say you love me; fala, "amo"
just let your heart speak up, and i'll know
no amount of words could ever find a way to make sense of this
so i wanna hear your mother tongue

and yeah, i could be punching
but i always tend to fluctuate
and i feel sick that i'm buzzing, oh, love, i'm in trouble
i'm sorry, but you got me gushing all over the place
i never wanna get wet
but i think we're chosen like our fates were woven
and all of those bad choices were left turns on the way

so don't say you love me; fala, "amo"
just let your heart speak up, and i'll know
no amount of words could ever find a way to make sense of this
so i wanna hear your mother tongue
so don't say you love me; fala, "amo"
just let your heart speak up, and i'll know
no amount of words could ever find a way to make sense of this
so i wanna hear your mother tongue

i think best way to explain, it's like oh-oh, oh-oh
yeah, kinda like that, but a little more oh-oh, oh-oh-oh
yeah, all makes sense, right? like oh-oh, oh-oh
like oh-oh, oh-oh
like oh-oh, oh-oh-oh

so don't say you love me; fala, "amo"
just let your heart speak up, and i'll know
no amount of words could ever find a way to make sense of this
so i wanna hear your mother tongue
so don't say you love me; fala, "amo"
just let your heart speak up, and i'll know
no amount of words could ever find a way to make sense of this
so i wanna hear your mother tongue
so don't say you love me; fala, "amo"
just let your heart speak up, and i'll know
no amount of words could ever find a way to make sense of this
so i wanna hear your mother tongue

my secrets are burning a hole through my heart
and my bones catch a fever
when it cuts you up this deep
it's hard to find a way to breathe

your eyes are swallowing me
mirrors start to whisper, shadows start to sing
my skin's smothering me
help me find a way to breathe

time stood still the way it did before
it's like i'm sleepwalking
fell into another hole again
it's like i'm sleepwalking

i'm at the edge of the world
where do i go from here, do i disappear?
edge of the world
should i sink or swim or simply disappear?

your eyes are swallowing me
mirrors start to whisper, shadows start to sing
my skin's smothering me
help me find a way to breathe, sing it

time stood still the way it did before
it's like i'm sleepwalking
fell into another hole again
it's like i'm sleepwalking

wake up
take my hand and give me a reason to start again
wake up
pull me out and give me a reason to start again

time stands still time stands still
time stands still time stands still
your eyes are swallowing me
mirrors start to whisper, shadows start to sing
my skin's smothering me
help me find a way to breathe

time stood still the way it did before
it's like i'm sleepwalking
fell into another hole again
it's like i'm sleepwalking it's like i'm sleepwalking

it's like i'm sleepwalking, it's like i'm sleepwalking
time stood still the way it did before
it's like i'm sleepwalking

i wouldn't hold my breath if i was you
'cause i'll forget, but i'll never forgive you
don't you know, don't you know?
true friends stab you in the front

it's funny how things work out
such a bitter irony like a kick right to the teeth
it fell apart right from the start
but i couldn't even see the forest for the trees

i'm afraid you asked for this
you got a lot of nerve, but not a lot of spine
you made your bed when you worried about mine
this ends now

i wouldn't hold my breath if i was you
'cause i'll forget, but i'll never forgive you
don't you know, don't you know
true friends stab you in the front?
i wouldn't hold my breath if i was you
you broke my heart and there's nothing you can do
and now you know, now you know
true friends stab you in the front

it's kind of sad, 'cause what we had
well, it coulda been something, i guess it wasn't meant to be
so how dare you try and steal my flame just 'cause yours faded?
well, hate is gasoline, a fire fueling all my dreams

i'm afraid you asked for this
you got a lot of nerve, but not a lot of spine
you made your bed when you worried about mine
this ends now

i wouldn't hold my breath if i was you
'cause i'll forget, but i'll never forgive you
don't you know, don't you know
true friends stab you in the front?
i wouldn't hold my breath if i was you
you broke my heart and there's nothing you can do
and now you know, now you know
true friends stab you in the front

you can run, but you can't hide
time won't help you, 'cause karma has no deadline
you can run, but you can't hide
time won't help you, 'cause karma has no deadline

i wouldn't hold my breath if i was you
'cause i'll forget, but i'll never forgive you
don't you know, don't you know
true friends stab you in the front?
i wouldn't hold my breath if i was you
you broke my heart and there's nothing you can do
and now you know, now you know
true friends stab you in the front

and now you know, now you know
true friends stab you in the front
and now you know, now you know
true friends stab you in the front

cut me open and tell me what's inside
diagnose me, 'cause i can't keep wondering why
and no, it's not a phase, 'cause it happens all the time
start over, check again, now tell me what you find

'cause i'm going out of frequency
can anyone respond?

it's like an avalanche, i feel myself go under
'cause the weight of it's like hands around my neck
i never stood a chance, my heart has frozen over
and i feel like i am treading on thin ice

am i broken? what's the chance i will survive?
don't sugarcoat me, 'cause i feel like suicide
just give it to me straight, 'cause i'm running out of time
i need an antidote, now what can you prescribe?

it's like an avalanche, i feel myself go under
'cause the weight of it's like hands around my neck
i never stood a chance, my heart has frozen over
and i feel like i am treading on thin ice
and i'm going under

i need a cure for me, 'cause the square doesn't fit the circle
give me a remedy, 'cause my head wasn't wired for this world
i need a cure for me, 'cause the square doesn't fit the circle
give me a remedy, 'cause my head wasn't wired for this world

i'm going out of frequency
can anyone respond?
'cause i'm going out of frequency
can anyone respond?

it's like an avalanche, i feel myself go under
'cause the weight of it's like hands around my neck
i never stood a chance, my heart has frozen over
and i feel like i am treading on thin ice
and i'm going under

i need a cure for me, 'cause a square doesn't fit the circle
give me a remedy, 'cause my head wasn't wired for this world
i need a cure for me, 'cause a square doesn't fit the circle
give me a remedy, 'cause when it hits, well, it hits like an avalanche

in the dark, in the dark

ooh, i've done it again
dug a little deep and it's all caved in
now, i free fall in a black hole
i know i'm getting warm 'cause i feel so cold

but i'm looking on the bright side now
tryna figure out somehow
none of this is real, no
it's looking like a write off now
i think we need to talk like now

so don't swear to god, he never asked you
it's not his heart you drove a knife through
it's not his world you turned inside out
not his tears still rolling down
jesus christ, you're so damn cold
don't you know you've lost control?
forget about the things you think i know
no secrets, you can't keep me
in the dark, in the dark

deathblow, look at you go
brought a t-62 to a rodeo
so tall, it broke the fourth wall
guess my fairy tale has a few plot holes

well, i'm looking on the bright side now
tryna figure out somehow
none of this is real, no
you can give the act up now
yeah, go ahead and take a bow

so don't swear to god, he never asked you
it's not his heart you drove a knife through
it's not his world you turned inside out
not his tears still rolling down
jesus christ, you're so damn cold
don't you know you've lost control?
forget about the things you think i know
no secrets, you can't keep me
in the dark, in the dark
no secrets, you can't keep me
in the dark, in the dark

i'm not looking for salvation
just a little faith in anyone or anything
i'm not looking for salvation
just a little faith in anyone or anything
i'm not looking for salvation oh no, 'cause it's all come caving in
just a little faith in anyone or anything
i'm not looking for salvation
just a little faith in anyone or anything
and it's time i knew you, so

don't swear to god, he never asked you oh no
it's not his heart you drove a knife through oh no
it's not his world you turned inside out so look me in the eye right now
not his tears still rolling down
jesus christ, you're so damn cold
don't you know you've lost control?
forget about the things you think i know
no secrets, you can't keep me
in the dark
don't swear to god, he never asked you oh no
it's not his heart you drove a knife through oh no
in the dark
it's not his world you turned inside out so look me in the eye right now
not his tears still rolling down
jesus christ, you're so damn cold
don't you know you've lost control?
forget about the things you think i know
no secrets, you can't keep me
in the dark
don't swear to god, he never asked you oh no
it's not his heart you drove a knife through oh no
in the dark
it's not his world you turned inside out oh no
not his tears still rolling down you're so damn cold
jesus christ, you're so damn cold you're so damn cold
don't you know you've lost control? oh, oh
forget about the things you think i know
no secrets, you can't keep me
in the dark, in the dark
no secrets, you can't keep me
in the dark, in the dark

i woke up in a warehouse but the label had fell off
just minding my own meltdown
it was then i heard the cannibals, cannibals
they said, "hey, kid"

you got that something special, it's now or never
you wanna live forever, it's now or never
you know what we want, you should give it to us
it's now or never, but there's no pressure baby

and i keep picking petals
i'm afraid you don't love me anymore
'cause a kid on the 'gram in a black dahlia tank
says it ain't heavy metal
and that's alright, that's alright

i tried to do a head count but i cut off all the crusts
said they liked it better curly yeah
then they gut me like an animal, animal
they said, "hey, man"

you had that something special, it's now or never
let's keep it quintessential, it's now or never
you know what we want, why not give it to us?
it's now or never, but there's no pressure baby

so i keep picking petals i keep picking petals
i'm afraid you don't love me anymore you don't love me anymore
'cause a kid on the 'gram in a black dahlia tank
says it ain't heavy metal
yeah, i keep picking petals i keep picking petals
got my heart and my head all in the wars
'cause some kid from a&r in a patagonia
says he don't really get it, no

*beatbox*

so i keep picking petals
all i wanna know, do you love me anymore?
'cause some kid on the 'gram said he used to be a fan
but this shit ain't heavy metal
and that's alright
and i keep picking petals
i'm afraid you don't love me anymore you don't love me anymore
'cause a kid on the 'gram in a black dahlia tank
says it ain't heavy metal
yeah, i keep picking petals
i'm afraid you don't love me anymore you don't love me anymore
'cause some kid on the 'gram said he used to be a fan
but this shit ain't heavy metal

no, this ain't heavy metal
no, this ain't heavy metal

can you tell from the look in our eyes? we're going nowhere
we live our lives like we're ready to die we're going nowhere
can you tell from the look in our eyes? we're going nowhere
we live our lives like we're ready to die we're going nowhere

i thought i'd buried you and covered the tracks
you'll have to take this with your cold dead hands
i thought i'd buried you, what's dead can never die
i thought i'd cut you loose, severed the feeling
i slipped through the cracks and you caved in my ceiling
i thought i'd buried you, what's dead can never die, fuck

can you tell from the look in our eyes? we're going nowhere
we live our lives like we're ready to die we're going nowhere
you can run, but you'll never escape over and over again
will we ever see the end? we're going nowhere

this is sempiternal
will we ever see the end?
this is sempiternal
over and over, again and again
rise from the dead, you say
secrets don't sleep till they're took to the grave
signal the sirens rally the troops
ladies and gentlemen, it's the moment of truth

can you tell from the look in our eyes? we're going nowhere
we live our lives like we're ready to die we're going nowhere
you can run, but you'll never escape over and over again
will we ever see the end? we're going nowhere
can you tell from the look in our eyes? we're going nowhere
we live our lives like we're ready to die we're going nowhere
you can run, but you'll never escape over and over again
will we ever see the end? we're going nowhere

this is sempiternal
will we ever see the end?
this is sempiternal
over and over, again and again

and then i found out how hard it is to really change
even hell can get comfy once you've settled in
i just wanted the numb inside me to leave
no matter how fucked you get
sorrow is there when you come back down
funny thing is, all i ever wanted i already had
there's glimpses of heaven in every day
in the friends i have, the music i make, with the love i feel
i just had to start again

the days are a deathwish
a witch hunt for an exit
i am powerless
the fragile, the broken
sit in circles and stay unspoken
we are powerless
because we all walk alone on an empty staircase
silent halls and nameless faces
i am powerless
everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die
i can't fear death, no longer, i've died a thousand times
why explore the universe when we don't know ourselves?
there's an emptiness inside our heads that no one dares to dwell

throw me to the flames!
watch me burn
set my world ablaze!
watch me burn

how are we on a scale of one to ten?
could you tell me what you see?
do you wanna talk about it?
how does that make you feel?
have you ever took a blade to your wrists?
have you been skipping meals?
we're gonna try something new today
how does that make you feel?

hold me close, don't let go, watch me
hold me close, don't let go, watch me
hold me close, don't let go, watch me
in this hospital for souls
hold me close, don't let go, watch me
hold me close, don't let go, watch me
hold me close, don't let go, watch me
in this hospital for souls
hold me close, don't let go, watch me
hold me close, don't let go, watch me
hold me close, don't let go, watch me
in this hospital for souls
hold me close, don't let go, watch me burn
hold me close, don't let go, watch me burn
hold me close, don't let go, watch me burn
in this hospital for souls
hold me close, don't let go, watch me burn
hold me close, don't let go, watch me burn
hold me close, don't let go, watch me burn
in this hospital for souls

i've lost the plot again, tell your friends to sharpen their teeth
there's a few quid to be made
and my soul's a sorry state, so come on down, you empty lovers
worms come out of the woodwork
 
and the snakes start to sing

do you feel the chill clawing at the back of your neck?
i start to spill, did you really think that you could fix me?
they'll sell your bones for another roll
well, sharpen your teeth, tell yourself that it's just business

worms come out of the woodwork
leeches crawl from out of the dirt
rats come out of the holes they call home
i fall apart, and the snakes start to sing

don't say i'm better off dead
'cause heaven's full and hell won't have me
won't you make some room in your bed?
well, you could lock me up in your heart and throw away the key
won't you take me out of my head?
i'm just a woulda been, coulda been, shoulda been
never was and never ever will be
well, sharpen your teeth, tell yourself that it's just business
woulda been, coulda been, shoulda been
never was and never ever will be
worms come out of the woodwork
 
and the snakes start to sing

worms come out of the woodwork
leeches crawl from out of the dirt
rats come out of the holes they call home
i fall apart and the snakes start to sing

if you can't soar with the eagles, then don't fly with the flock
are you still getting high?
did you catch your own reflection in the knife my mother held?
or the hell in my father's eyes?
if you can't soar with the eagles, then don't fly with the flock
are you still getting by?
was i your knight in shining armour the apple of your eye?
or just a step to climb?
if you can't soar with the eagles, then don't fly with the flock
are you still getting high?
did you catch your own reflection in the knife my mother held?
or the hell in my father's eyes?
if you can't soar with the eagles, then don't fly with the flock
are you still getting by?
was i your knight in shining armour or the apple of your eye?
or just a step, a fucking step to climb?

another day, another post-traumatic order
brainwashed and feeling fine
i bit off more than i could chew when i looked closer
so i stabbed a fork in my eye

think i'm losing my fucking mind
don't know where to turn, now i'm blind
destroy yourself, it feels so good to fade away
why do you wanna hurt yourself?
die for something else?
don't let your conscience get in the way

obey, we hope you have a lovely day
obey, you don't want us to come out and play away now, now
there's nothing to see here, it's under control
we're only gambling with your soul
obey, whatever you do
just don't wake up and smell the corruption

do you feel that? yeah

another day, another systematic nightmare
commemorate a wonderful life
bite me first, i'll bite you back, melodramatic laughter
i stabbed a knife in my eye

think i'm out my fucking mind
brainwashed and i'm feeling fine
destroy yourself, it feels too good to fade away
why do i wanna hurt myself?
should i die for something else?
i let my conscience get in the way

obey, we hope you have a lovely day
obey, you don't want us to come out and play away now, now
there's nothing to see here, it's under control
we're only gambling with your soul
obey, whatever you do
just don't wake up and smell the corruption

when your freedom is lethal
tell me how you're gonna hurt yourself
you call yourselves peaceful
you monsters are people
you fucking monsters are people

obey, we're gonna show you how to behave
obey, it's nicer when you can't see the chains

obey, we hope you have a lovely day
obey, you don't want us to come out and play away now, now
there's nothing to see here, it's under control it's under control
we're only gambling with your soul with your soul
obey, whatever you do
just don't wake up and smell the corruption

smell the corruption
smell the corruption

remember when hell had frozen over?
the cold still burns underneath my skin
the water is rising all around me
and there is nothing left i can give
all these tears i've shed
i saw the wildfire spread
you said you cheated death
but heaven was in my head

they say "the good die young"
no use in saying "what is done is done" 'cause it's not enough
and when the night gives way
it's like a brand new doomsday
what will be will be
every river flows into the sea, but it's never enough
and when the night gives way
it's like a brand new doomsday

no matter what they say
it's like a brand new doomsday

the embers still glow when i'm sober
the gold in the flame burns brighter now
i have to rebuild, now it's over
maybe now i'm lost, i can live
souls don't break, they bend
but i sometimes forget
i have to do this for you
and the only way out is through
yeah, death is an open door

words the prophets said
still swimming through my head
now there's no stars left in the sky
'cause this well will never run dry
what if i completely forget?
what if i never accept?
'cause when you fade away
it's like a brand new doomsday
yeah

they say "the good die young"
no use in saying "what is done is done" 'cause it's not enough
and when the night gives way
it's like a brand new doomsday
what will be will be
every river flows into the sea, but it's never enough
and when the night gives way
it's like a brand new doomsday

no matter what they say
it's like a brand new doomsday

now the oceans have drained out
can i come up for air?
'cause i've been learning to live without
and i'm fighting with broken bones

i wasn't ready for the rapture, we're only passing through
but these words, they mean nothing to me
i know that time will mend this fracture, i've been lost in a maze
and every route i take, leads right back to you

now the oceans have drained out
can i come up for air?
'cause i've been learning to live without
and i'm fighting with broken bones
now the skies have been blacked out
i've got to find my way
'cause it's been raining but there's a drought
and i'm fighting with broken bones

i've been searching through the wreckage
but it's like standing in the eye of a storm
when will i finally get the message?
some things are broken beyond repair
this is my cross to bear
my own meaningless catastrophe
i never had the time to prepare
because i never knew that all my nightmares could come true

now the oceans have drained out
can i come up for air?
'cause i've been learning to live without
and i'm fighting with broken bones
now the skies have been blacked out
i've got to find my way
'cause it's been raining but there's a drought
and i'm fighting with broken bones

i've spent my fair share
in the deepest depths of despair
'cause i was too lost down there to care
i wasn't braced for the fallout
i wasn't braced for the fallout
i've been searching through the wreckage
but it's like standing in the eye of a storm
when will i finally get the message?
some things are broken beyond repair

now the oceans have drained out
can i come up for air?
'cause i've been learning to live without
and i'm fighting with broken bones
now the skies have been blacked out
i've got to find my way
'cause it's been raining but there's a drought
and i'm fighting with broken bones

as above, so below
dismantled piece by piece, what's left will not decease
as within, so without
the seasons bring relief, let me live and die in peace

i will be consumed, returned into the earth
only passing through, nothing left to hold on to
like the thaw against the snow, into the undertow
cut the chord and cast me out, and cast me out

it's a promise that you cannot break
was your life worth dying for?
the universe survives on give and take
death is an open door
it's a promise that you cannot break
was your life worth dying for?
the universe survives on give and take
decay is the only law

as above, so below
dismantled piece by piece, what's left will not decease
as within, so without
the seasons bring relief, just let me live and die in peace

"change, and everything is change, nothing can be held on to
to the degree that you go with a stream
you see, you are still
you are flowing with it
but to the degree you resist the stream, then you notice
that the current is rushing past you and fighting you
so swim with it, go with it
and you're there, you're at rest"

it'll wear you down through skin and bone, through skin and bone
it's as if my mind has a mind of its own, has a mind of its own
it'll wear you down through skin and bone, through skin and bone
it's as if my mind has a mind of its own, has a mind of its own

when my heart skips two beats...
i am hidden deep, fast asleep
...the sea will part where oceans meet
finally complete

it's a promise that you cannot break
was your life worth dying for?
the universe survives on give and take
death is an open door
it's a promise that you cannot break
was your life worth dying for?
the universe survives on give and take
decay is the only law

swan song, a declaration of endlessness
i swear i will not look back as i return into the black
when the veil lifts, how will i know, how will i know?
will i see god?

as above, so below
dismantled piece by piece, what's left will not decease
as within, so without
the seasons bring relief, just let me live and die in peace

"you can't hang on to yourself
you don't have to try not to hang on to yourself
it can't be done, and that is salvation
'memento mori' - be mindful of death"

the weight of the world is resting on thin ice
when the surface breaks, will i find paradise?
as i freeze to death, left to reflect
what a waste of time i was in retrospect
i'd take a leap of faith, but i'd lose my nerve
in the end, i'll get the hell that i deserve

i'm always gone with the wind
crawling in and out of my mind
god knows i lost all my faith

a sickness with no remedy
except the ones inside of me
you ever wonder how deep you could sink into nothing at all?
disintegrate, annihilate me

do you remember when you said to me: "my friend, hope is a prison"?
hope is a prison
of all the patterns that i could create
i built a labyrinth with no escape
to keep myself under lock and key
i am my own worst enemy
i'd take a leap of faith, but i'd lose my nerve
in the end, i'll get the hell that i deserve

i'm always gone with the wind
crawling in and out of my mind
god knows i lost all my faith

a sickness with no remedy
except the ones inside of me
you ever wonder how deep you could sink into nothing at all?
disintegrate, annihilate me

a sickness with no remedy
except the ones inside of me
you ever wonder how deep you could sink into nothing at all?
disintegrate, annihilate me
if i could silence all the doubt in me
accept that what is meant to be is meant to be
you ever wonder how deep you could sink into nothing at all?
disintegrate, annihilate me

i remember when you said to me: "my friend, hope is a prison"

royal beggars, royal beggars
do you, do you, do you wanna
live forever, live forever
alone, alone, alone?

'cause we're broken
all hope is dead, but we're coping
somebody, save our souls

like a bird in a cage, trying to fly away
is this the price that we have to pay?
overflowing with rage, yet we still obey
'cause we're asleep in a hurricane

bitter lovers, bitter lovers
let go, let go, let go 'cause it's
now or never, now or never
breathe in, breathe out, breathe in

'cause we're choking
and left for dead, but we're coping
somebody, save our souls

like a bird in a cage, trying to fly away
is this the price that we have to pay?
overflowing with rage, yet we still obey
'cause we're asleep in a hurricane

are you listening? you may not have noticed
we have totally lost our way
are you lost in the clouds? or can you hold your focus?
it's ourselves that we will betray
are you listening? you may not have noticed
we have totally lost our way
are you lost in the clouds? or can you hold your focus?
it's ourselves that we will betray

like a bird in a cage, trying to fly away
is this the price that we have to pay?
overflowing with rage, yet we still obey
'cause we're asleep in a hurricane

we sit on a throne, waiting for god to bend the knee
but we're nothing more than royal beggars
yeah
blegh
but i'm as guilty as the next man
our eyes are open, but we're not listening

maybe we'll never learn?
the fire at the gates is our saving grace
remember we were born to burn
there is a holy hell where we can save ourselves
there is a holy hell where we can save ourselves

we will be cast out of paradise
it's a long ascent out of the black
but we all have to sacrifice, hang the iconoclast
and kiss the feet of the amnesiac
'cause the moment is dead when i'm lost in the past

maybe we'll never learn?
the fire at the gates is our saving grace
remember we were born to burn
there is a holy hell where we can save ourselves

but now the rivers are running red
and the skies have been set ablaze
i've been fearing the worst again
heavenly terrorist, have you been mourning over yesterday?
don't forget to breathe when the knife begins to twist
fuck this self-pity, it's not that hard to see
we get one chance, these wounds will set me free
there's poison on the key, it brings you to your knees

but even the mountains erode in the rain
a single spark can start a forest fire
light one match and burn down the empire
there's gold buried in the blue, oh
there's gold buried in the blue

holy hell, i've got nothing left to lose
and i can tell there's gold buried in the blue

maybe we'll never learn?
the fire at the gates is our saving grace
remember we were born to burn
there is a holy hell where we can save ourselves

holy hell, i've got nothing left to lose
and i can tell there's gold buried in the blue

but even the mountains erode in the rain
a single spark can start a forest fire
light one match and burn down the empire
there's gold buried in the blue
there's gold buried in the blue

we are beggars, we are so fucking weak
and once upon a time, we had the world at our feet
well, we're all dying to meet our maker
but all our gods have abandoned us
all our gods have abandoned us
this is the great esoteric depression
we sold our souls, but couldn't buy salvation

we are all the shades of misery
the reigning champions of tragedy
they use their faith as a weapon, they count our sins by the seven
blackwater at the gates of heaven
all hail the corporatocracy
the word of god written in binary
all hail our apostasy
the dying notes in an unholy symphony

all our gods have abandoned us
this is the great esoteric depression
we sold our souls, but couldn't buy salvation

i found god clutching a razor blade
he said: "look at the fucking mess they've made
they'd trade their hearts if they were made of gold"

we are beggars, we are so fucking weak
and once upon a time, we had the world at our feet
well, we're all dying to meet our maker
but all our gods have abandoned us
all our gods have abandoned us
all our gods have abandoned us

i found god clutching a razor blade
he said: "look at the fucking mess they've made
they'd trade their hearts if they were made of gold
but they're as worthless as the souls they sold"

seven billion hungry ghosts
just a parasite killing its host
the emperor wears no clothes, i see those brittle bones
but we're buried by modern misery
modern misery

there's not enough water in the world
to wash the blood from our hands
we planted a seed, its roots will suffocate the soul
it grows without light and feeds from our bones
hell must be empty, all the devils are here
singing us the lord's prayer; finally, something that we all share

i won't go to the grave with the song still in me

what are we hiding in the rain?
this is a prison for lost souls
another life circles the drain
we used to run with the wolves
now we can't see the forest
'cause there's no light in the black hole
don't try and tell me we are blessed
we used to run with the wolves

are these our new messiahs?
'cause the saviour has a gun to my head
don't be fooled by maya, the kings are all thieves
and the serpents will bite as they please
how has it come to this?

i won't go to the grave with the song still in me
and i won't live like a slave begging from my knees

what are we hiding in the rain?
this is a prison for lost souls
another life circles the drain
we used to run with the wolves
now we can't see the forest
'cause there's no light in the black hole
don't try and tell me we are blessed
we used to run with the wolves

seven billion hungry ghosts
just a parasite killing its host
the emperor wears no clothes, i see those brittle bones
but we're buried by modern misery
modern misery
i won't live like a slave, i won't beg from my knees
i will not go to the grave with the song still in me

we used to run with the wolves
we used to run with the wolves
we used to run with the wolves
we used to run with the wolves

when i leave this skin and bone
beyond my final heartbeat
i'll dismantle piece by piece
and i will know that death is not defeat

when i leave this skin and bone
beyond my final heartbeat heartbeat
i'll dismantle piece by piece
and i will know that death is not defeat

holding on tight to what's left of our time
we've hidden away, but it's in the design
why do we fight what we can't define?
don't be afraid, we all cross the same line

when i leave this skin and bone
beyond my final heartbeat heartbeat
i'll dismantle piece by piece
and i will know that death is not defeat

into the night, we burn and rage
in death, we repay for time on this stage
the lights are bright, but don't lose your way
'cause once it ignites, the flame must decay

now you're finally complete
i will see you where oceans meet
past and present merge, light and dark will converge
time will overthrow our, our reign on this throne
the everlasting sleep returning through the veil
far beneath the deep, another soul sets sail

when i leave this skin and bone
beyond my final heartbeat
i'll dismantle piece by piece
and i will know that death is not defeat
when i leave this skin and bone
beyond my final heartbeat heartbeat
i'll dismantle piece by piece
and i will know that death is not defeat

tell me was it all worth it, to watch your kingdom grow?
all the anchors in the ocean haven't sunk this low
sunk this low
rotten to the core!

so who's left to count the cost?
beneath the ruin lies a story of the lives lost
now we're gone, left without a trace
but we took something they cannot replace

a match made in heaven
paved the road to hell
we've been down this path before
cold blooded retribution
so fuck your revolution

you chew up peace and spit it out as war
you've been feeding the wolf that's waiting at the door
you are rotten to the core
we found your fingerprints all over the trigger
if you're looking for tyrants, take a look in the mirror
you knew all along, that the cancer would spread
so don't be surprised to find a price on your head
sorry son, but we destroyed your home
we murdered your family, now you're on your own
collateral damage, face down in the sand
watch the dominoes fall, it's all just part of the plan

a match made in heaven
paved the road to hell
we've been down this path before
cold blooded retribution
so fuck your revolution
a match made in heaven
paved the road to hell
we've been down this path before
and every execution
the price of your collusion

you knew all along that the cancer would spread
so don't be surprised to find a price on your head
tell me was it all worth it to watch your kingdom grow?
all the anchors in the ocean haven't sunk this low!
sunk this low!
you are rotten to the core!
you are rotten to the core!
you are rotten to the core!
you are rotten to the core!

all is not lost, all is not lost, all is not lost, all is not lost
all is not lost, all is not lost, all is not lost, all is not lost

waiting for a sign washed up on the shoreline
i'll always carry the cross, but all is not lost
i just can't relate a crack in the floodgate
life comes at a cost, but all is not lost

is this penance for my sins?
i gave everything for this phantom limb
holy ghost, nothing lasts forever
now it's time to sink or swim
i've got nothing except this wasted hymn
holy ghost, nothing lasts forever

taking back what's mine, but it's lost to the skyline
a bridge i cannot cross, but all is not lost
now there's no escape; god, what a sorry state
love comes at a cost, but all is not lost

is this penance for my sins?
i gave everything for this phantom limb
holy ghost, nothing lasts forever
now it's time to sink or swim
i've got nothing except this wasted hymn
holy ghost, nothing lasts forever

can you feel the empty space?
can you feel the fire at the gates?
can you live a life worth dying for?
can you feel the empty space?
can you feel the fire at the gates?
can you live a life worth dying for?
can you feel the empty space?
can you feel the fire at the gates?
can you live a life worth dying for?

is this penance for my sins?
i gave everything for this phantom limb
holy ghost, nothing lasts forever
now it's time to sink or swim
i've got nothing except this wasted hymn
holy ghost, nothing lasts forever

an iron fist in a velvet glove
another vulture posing as a dove
do you have no shame? look at what you've become
you are the reason we are bitter and then some
bitter and then some

they sing of saviours, we sing of sorrow
but we're still holding on for dear life
you sold us all down the river
i hope you choke on the vows that you failed to deliver
you said you'd change the world, but death still flies east
the blind lead the blind, so we bomb for peace

gravedigger, there's blood on your hands
you built this empire on salt and sand
not all is fair in love and war
history repeats, we've seen this all before

we've given the vampires the keys to the blood bank, oh

they say the more things change, the more they stay the same
while the liars leech, the crooked preach
so lie through your teeth, lie like you mean it
it beggars belief, do you really think that we still fucking believe it?
you fucking parasite
there's no room in here for an honest man
only callous and cold hearts

gravedigger, there's blood on your hands
you built this empire on salt and sand
not all is fair in love and war
history repeats, we've seen it all before

oppressor, you built this empire on salt and sand
oppressor, you built this empire on salt and sand

an iron fist in a velvet glove
another vulture posing as a dove
do you have no shame? look at what you've become
you are the reason we are bitter and then some
bitter and then some

they sing of saviours, we sing of sorrow
but we're still holding on for dear life

a diamond in the mud
infinity is waiting there 'cause nobody can burn a glass cathedral

i do my best, but everything seems ominous
not feeling blessed, quite the opposite
this shouldn't feel so monotonous
it never rains, but it pours

we're just a bunch of fucking animals
but we're afraid of the outcome
don't cry to me because the fiction that we're living in
says i should pull the pin

should i just pull the pin?
should i just pull the pin?

i dug my heels, i thought that i could stop the rot
the ground gave way, now i've lost the plot
fucked it again, that was all i've got
it never rains, but it pours

life is just a dream within a

we're just a bunch of fucking animals
but we're afraid of the outcome
don't cry to me because the fiction that we're living in
says i should pull the pin

buried under dirt, a diamond in the mud
infinity is waiting there 'cause nobody can burn a glass cathedral

dream within a, dream within a

we're just a bunch of fucking animals
but we're afraid of the outcome
don't cry to me because the fiction that we're living in
says i should pull the pin
we're just a bunch of fucking animals
but we're afraid of the outcome
don't cry to me because the fiction that we're living in
says i should pull the pin

should i just pull the pin?
should i just pull the pin?
buried under dirt, a diamond in the mud
should i just pull the pin?
infinity is waiting there 'cause nobody can burn a glass cathedral
should i just pull the pin?

this is a wake-up call
no rise without the fall
facing the great divide
you can run but you can't hide
you can run but you can't hide

i met the devil and god
and couldn't tell them apart
i thought i found the end
but it was only the start

i've heard it all before
aren't you tired of all of the violence inside of you?
just let go, gravity, hold on to me
so come and wash us away
just thank fuck we don't last forever
it's now or never
is this the catalyst?
just let me burn the bridge that leads me nowhere
'cause it's gone and it's never coming back

so make no mistake
it's just a matter of time before the wave breaks
so stand your ground, the earth will shake
so twist the knife 'cause i am finally awake

so come and wash us away
just thank fuck we don't last forever
it's now or never
is this the catalyst?
just let me burn the bridge that leads me nowhere
'cause it's gone and it's never coming back

i've heard it all before
aren't you tired of all of the violence inside of you?
just let go
well, what are you waiting for?
aren't you tired of all of the violence inside of you?
it's all you know, gravity, hold on to me

so stand your ground, the earth will shake
so twist the knife 'cause i am finally awake

i guess we're mortal after all

one day all of us will give up the ghost
too lost in the light to see what matters most
all ends will be met
and all worlds must collapse

another part of the symphony lost between eternity
but god is in the detail
i know that there's a part of me, doomed to face infinity
'cause every wave has gotta break
has gotta break

the truth is, all of us are hostages
staring down the throat of the screaming abyss
surrendering is half the battle
but we're powerless to resist

another part of the symphony lost between eternity
but god is in the detail
i know that there's a part of me, doomed to face infinity
'cause every wave has gotta break

have you forgotten the deal we made?
i've seen the end and the pain we trade
all these walls will fall
i guess we're mortal after all
the end will come for all of us
this all rests on the fault line
all ends will be met
and all worlds must collapse

another part of the symphony lost between eternity
but god is in the detail
i know that there's a part of me, doomed to face infinity
'cause every wave has gotta break
has gotta break, yeah

have you forgotten the deal we made?
i've seen the end and the pain we trade
all these walls will fall
i guess we're mortal after all

there was a time for change
i fear it came and went
who's gonna pick up the pieces?
who will be left to repent?

the sun is burnt out black
now there's no turning back
now there's no turning back

yeah, i know you know that we've been living a lie
turn a blind eye until the day we die
maybe we've passed the point of no return
maybe we just wanna watch the world burn
we just wanna watch the world burn

our collapse will be remission
the planet scarred beyond all recognition
suicide in slow motion
is this the path we have chosen?
too cowardly to face this
we've got a fucking deathwish
you wanna play with fire?
don't cry when you get burnt
you gave us life
we gave back death in return

the sun is burnt out black
now there's no turning back
we will consume until there's nothing left
remember us as a waste of breath

yeah, i know you know that we've been living a lie
turn a blind eye until the day we die
maybe we've passed the point of no return
maybe we just wanna watch the world burn
we just wanna watch the world burn

i know you know that we've been living a lie
maybe we've passed the point of no return
we just want to watch the world burn

i wanna believe that it all counts for something
the writing is on the wall
it's hard to accept that it was all for nothing
all for nothing

yeah, i know you know that we've been living a lie
turn a blind eye until the day we die
maybe we've passed the point of no return
maybe we just wanna watch the world burn
we just wanna watch the world burn

god only knows why we were born to burn, oh

if god is my witness, he'll see that all is not well
christ, what a sight for sore eyes
looking down on us, all the children that you despise
god only knows why we were born to burn
god only knows why we were born to burn
a bullet in the neck doesn't feel much like love
a message of rejection sent from above
no flags, no holy books
i'll be in hell with the misunderstood

the sons and daughters that you wished to forget
a desperate picture of god's regret
are we perfect mistakes? or almighty fuck ups?
one thing's for sure, he doesn't fucking love us
he doesn't fucking love us

hate must weigh on you like a broken cross
hate; the dividing line we'll never step across
outcast and reject
outcast and reject
father, father, how i've let you down
a fucking tyrant in a hollow crown
father, father, how i've let you down
a fucking tyrant in a hollow crown

the sons and daughters that you wished to forget
a desperate picture of god's regret
are we perfect mistakes? or almighty fuck ups?
one thing's for sure, he doesn't fucking love us
he doesn't fucking love us
he doesn't fucking love us

they want all for one and none for all
i wanna be there to witness the downfall

they'll only sell us out when our backs are turned
but we'll keep paying the price until our lesson is learnt
so cast your votes, watch them shed their skin
every snake has its price
if the money's on the table, they don't think twice
so cast your votes, watch them shed their skin

we are paralysed
but there are none so blind as those who will not see
what's it going to take to get us to stand up?
'cause you can see it in their eyes, they don't give a fuck
about what matters to us

another faceless figure, an empty silhouette
they'll line their pockets and leave us six feet deep in debt
so cast your votes, watch them shed their skin
always out for blood, preying on the weak
we can count on them to paint the future bleak
but we're still standing by whilst they bleed us dry

we are paralysed
but there are none so blind as those who will not see
what's it going to take to get us to stand up?
'cause you can see it in their eyes, they don't give a fuck
about what matters to us
so enough is enough
what's it going to take to get us to stand up?
'cause you can see it in their eyes, they don't give a fuck

right and wrong, it's all the same to me
thick as thieves as far as i can see
they are leeches all
right and wrong, it's all the same to me
thick as thieves as far as i can see
they are leeches all
but we're still standing by whilst they bleed us dry

they want all for one and none for all
i wanna be there to witness the downfall
we are paralysed
they want all for one and none for all
i wanna be there to witness the downfall

we suffer to survive
are we desperate creatures crawling in the dirt?
or are we lonely preachers hiding our beating hearts?
we sow the wind and reap the storm
don't say you haven't been warned

no future's written
there's endless possibility

we suffer to survive
if hope is a prison, then maybe faith will set me free
we suffer to survive
am i just a victim drifting in the raging sea?
we suffer to survive

if a kingdom resides behind my own eyes
i've got to catch the stone and cradle the wave
damnation is just a daydream away
but still, we carry on
if i'm god in disguise, praying for the rain
and if our demons decide, then is this all in vain?
we sow the wind and reap the storm
don't say you haven't been warned

it's time to confess
i haunt this flesh
i answer my own prayers
i bid my own despair

no future's written
there's endless possibility

we suffer to survive
if hope is a prison, then maybe faith will set me free
we suffer to survive
am i just a victim drifting in the raging sea?
we suffer to survive

but still, we carry on
there's a lesson in this, what i resist persists
and damnation is just a daydream away

if hope is a prison, then maybe faith will set me free
we suffer to survive
am i just a victim drifting in the raging sea?
we suffer to survive

i found my way to the garden, but i couldn't see
the cliff edge in front of me, no cloud can catch me now

it brings me closer to god
but keeps the dirt in the wound, and now the beast has teeth
i've got my hand on my heart
i thought that i knew the way, but i've been torn apart

now i know there's a holy grail
but it's beyond the pale

why must we always fly so close to the sun?
the silhouettes have fallen one by one
'cause we forget that the sun sets
and we're not long for this world
no cloud can catch me now

the devil's recruits whisper in my ear
"go tighten that noose"
, but it's clear
i've gotta follow the thread
instead, i'll dream of the end, and i will raise the dead
we're all refusing to feel
and yet we're dying to heal
but there is only now
and there's no easy way out

i found my way to the garden, but i couldn't see
the cliff edge in front of me
now i know there's a holy grail
but it's beyond the pale

why must we always fly so close to the sun?
the silhouettes have fallen one by one
'cause we forget that the sun sets
and we're not long for this world
no cloud can catch me now

i see no silver linings
when the days are so dark
so hold a flame to these words
enough pressure will create a diamond
, oh
i see no silver linings
when the days are so dark
so hold a flame to these words
enough pressure will create a diamond
enough pressure will create a diamond

so i found you
tried to show you what you caused
you say it's my fault
it's the aftermath of yours
you think i'm happy
when you say it's not so bad
i say come closer
take a look inside my head

my kingdom falls
an empty throne placed in the dark
a mother searching for her child
my mind's running wild

rising tension and my world's slipping out of my hands
too much to comprehend
building up
so with my eyes open wide
and the words in my mouth i will say it loud

welcome my friend welcome my friend
to a world
where the tables won't turn, the sun won't rise
to witness the end witness the end
of what in time could have been
of what in time could have been

see i tried to
see i tried to find a way
to stand my own ground
and ignore the words you say
and it's no use
found a way inside my head
just like the echoes
like a voice behind my back

i'll find my own
approval for want of the crown
a lock up with no place to hide
i'm trapped in my mind

rising tension and my world's slipping out of my hands
too much to comprehend
building up
so with my eyes open wide
and the words in my mouth i will say it loud

welcome my friend welcome my friend
to a world
where the tables won't turn, the sun won't rise
to witness the end witness the end
of what in time could have been
my so called friend

and i don't need your excuses and i don't need your regret
i just wanted you to understand that i can't forget
that i can't forget
no i can't forget

it's in my head
it's in my head
it's in my head
it's in my head

welcome my friend
to a world
where the tables won't turn, the sun won't rise
to witness the end
of what in time could have been

so welcome my friend welcome my friend
to a world
where the tables won't turn; the sun won't rise
to witness the end  witness the end
of what in time could have been
my so called friend

and i don't need your excuses and i don't need your regret
i just wanted you to understand that i can't forget
that i can't forget
no, i can't forget

you're reaching out to me again
i'll turn my back and
try to ignore the words
your helping hand
when i'm not listening
i will never find a way to break
the mask you wear
if you still hesitate
still you're waiting for the rain
when have you become
a mirror of someone

strike a match
see if you make it through the fire
let it burn
let it take you higher

you won't get out unhurt
and it's down to you to
make the tables turn
the tables turn
the tables turn

deep inside i know you're right
the truth in your words
still i can't bring myself
to take a leap
of faith on purpose
there will always be a way to break
the mask you wear
but you still hesitate
be the one to fly above the masses
be the phoenix rising from the ashes

strike a match
see if you make it through the fire
let it burn
let it take you higher

you won't get out unhurt
and it's down to you to
make the tables turn
the tables turn
the tables turn

as i heard
your silence
turned my head
seeing you crawling
crawling
you made me feel life
pulled the darkness aside
you've been building up a feeling
falling far behind
yeah!
you fell behind

strike a match
see if you make it through the fire
let it burn
let it take you higher

you won't get out unhurt
and it's down to you to
make the tables turn
the tables turn

your words
they made me feel life
make me feel life
pulled the darkness aside
darkness aside
you've been building up a feeling
falling so far behind

hiding from the one i need the most
a secret i've kept locked away
that might have saved us both

all the lies, we're turning for the worse
the truth might not be what you want
but what you deserve

if you just let me in
i'll tell you everything

the heart of mine you thought you owned alone
i've lost it on the way so long ago

and now all i ask of you
opening the wounds

if you just let me in
-for the last time, my love, i swear-
i'll tell you everything
-one more time, just one more time-

but all the things i said before
they only made you close that door
so just let me in
just let me in

i know, i know
you're better off alone

if you just let me in
i'll tell you everything

but all the things i said before
they only made you close that door
so just let me in
just let me in

tell me
when the time has come
and no one's left to save me
is there any chance?

i know i might be wrong
not enough to doubt
that the one thing i pursue and
what i'm all about
are like a cage for me
one that i create
still unlocked but can i realize
before it's too late

but if suddenly
you were standing right in front of me
i could barely hope and dare to say
that you're the reason why
i'm on my own now

tell me
when the time has come
and no one's left to save me
can we leave it all behind and start again?
can we start again?
can we start again?
can we start again?

let me think again
take a second glance
can i really dare to hope there is a second chance
to give up on it
leave that hate behind
and eventually get to smile again
when you're on my mind
and now finally
you are standing right in front of me
liberation when i came to see
i may be on my own
but i don't hate you

tell me
when the time has come
and no one's left to save me
is there any chance?
and when the time comes
i'll greet you as a friend
let go of all the stories
i thought would never end
the time comes
what i know to be true
all along i've been waiting for you

tell me
when the time has come
and no one's left to save me
can we leave it all behind?
all that i want
to move on beyond
and i know that i was wrong
so tell me
can we leave it all behind and start again?

down the hill
near the river
is what used to be our tree
you've been gone for days
without a trace
all i see are fallen leaves
ever since that day
i tried to find you
but the rain won't go away
listen to the wind
would he call my name
cause i'm screaming yours again and again
and it hits so hard
to feel these scars
cut deep on my heart
if i can't follow you this time
-let you go-
will you wait for me on the other side
the moment you lost faith
when there was no way out of this
how could i've known
that i had to let you go
it's been a year
since you're gone
since i came to see our tree
have you left behind
something more to find
but the roots beneath my feet
how can i keep calm
i believed in you
but the rain won't cease to fall
the wind has died
it never said a word
the echoes of my screams have gone unheard
and it's still so hard
to wear these scars
so deep on my heart
the rain is gone
one more time i'm walking down the hill
one more try to find a reason to
feel alive
now i know
after every storm
a flower will be born
if i can't follow you this time
-let you go-
will you wait for me on the other side
the moments in the rain
have washed away the pain
and now i know
that i had to let you go

no one to guide

you were the one who told me not to
look back in regret
taught me to hold on brave the sorrow
at least that's what you said
you abandoned it all and left like that
disappeared and dropped the pen
i can't finish a book i never wrote
a single letter in

my trust in you was gone
the moment you refused to carry on

with no one to guide
i didn't think that you would
leave me here all alone tonight
when you paved my way
now i'm here with no one to guide
no one to guide
i didn't think that you would
leave me here all alone tonight
when you paved my way

it's coming clear
i take the pen and
continue where you left off
i'm in charge of filling the pages
so they'll turn out for the best
and the reason for all reveals itself
in a moment i'm alone
'cause your story that i'm supposed to close
has always been my own

my trust in you was gone
but i can choose to carry on

with no one to guide
didn't think that you would
leave me here all alone tonight
when you paved my way

and i can never stop walking it down
to the end of the road
the final chapters still unknown
maybe your journey ends today
but this is not the end for me
still there's no time to stop and hide my face
i can't win this race with my eyes shut
can't go back to the start
let it all fall apart
it's too late, the final chapter awaits me

with no one to guide
didn't think that you would
leave me here all alone tonight
when you paved my way
you paved my way
with no one to guide
didn't think that you would
leave me here all alone tonight
when you paved my way

and i can never stop walking it down
heading straight to the unknown
a story ends today
but not for me

with no one guide no one to guide
didn't think that you would
leave me here all alone tonight yeah
when you paved my way
now i'm here with no one to guide
no one to guide
i didn't think that you would
leave me here all alone tonight
when you paved my way

take me back to the days before the war
set me free from the pain i can't ignore
it turned for the worse
so listen to my words

go stand your ground
and break me for this one thing i know
there's a side to it we'll never show
no matter where it ends
never let you see
how i bleed

see i don't know if i'll be heard
i'm just a single voice, a messenger
here's the one thing i can say
you won't see anyone of us surrendering

take my life, i don't care anymore
found a cause that is worth dying for
we tried so hard to fly
and prevent the fall
has it really counted after all
we had the stars in our eyes
and our hearts of gold
that's how it's told

stand your ground
and break me for there's one thing i know
there's a side to it we'll never show
no matter where it ends
never let you see
how i bleed

see i don't know if i'll be heard
i'm just a single voice, a messenger
here's the one thing i can say
you won't see anyone of us surrendering

end my story
all for the sake of glory
spread my message
cause we are not the same as you
cause we are not the same as you

take me back to the days before the war
erase the pain and suffering
the only thing we ever know for sure

see i don't know if i'll be heard
i'm just a single voice, a messenger
here's the one thing i can say
you won't see anyone of us surrendering

tossing and turning
i never will let you achieve
what you dream to fulfill
never let you see who i am
and how i bleed

the moment i reacted
when i dared to run away
and i'm caught in a sensation
a witness to your closing eyes

why
always the innocent
the first to fall
unable to comprehend
couldn't protect
take your place
or rewind the time
the hardest part remains
for those left behind

when it's over
a fading light in you
don't wake me up
til i'm sober
i know we're incomplete
we're not okay

i feel disconnected
the smile on your face
i swore i'd protect it
a lie
i can't
take the weight of my back
the words that i said
the noose around my neck

take my light
too high the price you paid
tell me how can i
save a life
if i'm afraid
cause i'm afraid

so please let me know
when it's over
a fading light in you
don't wake me up
til i'm sober
i know we're incomplete
we're not okay

no escape from what i've done

the moment i reacted
when i dared to run away
and i'm caught in a sensation
a witness to your closing eyes

and no one tells you
how to bear the
weight of your excuse
cause we know it's no use

take my light
too high the price you paid
tell me how can i
save a life
if i'm afraid
cause i'm afraid

so please let me know
when it's over
a fading light in you
don't wake me up
til i'm sober
i know we're incomplete
we're not okay

i ruled the night
too long to see the sun
now all that's left to give
is but a little spark
of what i had inside

your need to run away
your addiction to escape
a life so full of harm
now you ended up with me tonight

i know you'll witness what i am
can't bring myself to let it go
cause you've seen a man in suffering
but chose to stay

chase the sun
cause if i'm the only one
losing honesty
don't fall for me
fall for yourself
yourself
i can't let you stay
don't fall for me
fall for yourself

a ray of light
a stranger on the run
there's nowhere to return
nowhere you belong
when the day begins

i know that you feel safe
but still you're out of place
and you can't stay with me
so i can't afford to let you in

now we're falling
you got so much more

i know you'll witness what i am
can't bring myself to let it go
cause you've seen a man in suffering
but chose to stay

chase the sun
cause if i'm the only one
losing honesty
don't fall for me
fall for yourself
yourself
i can't let you stay
don't fall for me
fall for yourself

you've been waiting for a lifetime
you've been waiting for a lifetime
but i can't forget you

to suffer
is the price that we pay until forever
honestly
don't fall for me
for me

chase the sun
cause if i'm the only one
losing honesty
don't fall for me
fall for yourself
yourself
i can't let you stay
don't fall for me
fall for yourself

you're reaching out to me again
i'll turn my back and
try to ignore the words
your helping hand
when i'm not listening
i will never find a way to break
the mask you wear
if you still hesitate
still your waiting for the rain
when have you become
a mirror of someone
strike a match
see if you make it through the fire
let it burn
let it take you higher
you won't get out unhurt
and it's down to you to
make the tables turn
the tables turn
deep inside i know you're right
the truth in your words
still i can't bring myself
to take a leap
of faith on purpose
there will always be a way to break
the mask you wear
but you still hesitate
be the one to fly above the masses
be the phoenix rising from the ashes
as i heard
your silence
turned my head
seeing you crawling
crawling
you made me feel life
pulled the darkness aside
you've been building up a feeling
falling far behind
your words
they made me feel life
pulled the darkness aside
you've been building up a feeling
falling so far behind

brought down to my knees
by all i couldn't foresee
a fading flame
dying at the end of the day

i'm starting to sing
of what could have been
it wasn't supposed to end this way

all we take for granted
all the absence of fear

fading fast wearing out our lives
there won't be another chance
we've given everything
not enough this time
there's no reason to pretend
no happy end

now we're hanging by a thread
believing that the cycle never ends
grieving in regret

look up to the sky
this time i can't deny
i can't pretend
this is not a certain end
and so we sing
of fate, how it should have been
we're going down with our head held high through anything
yeah!

i know that our time has come
for the other side
we're going down
but we'll perish in style

fading fast wearing out our lives
there won't be another chance
we've given everything
not enough this time
there's no reason to pretend
no happy end
no happy end

fading fast, wearing out our lives
there won't be another chance
we're fading fast
we've given everything
not enough this time
there's no reason to pretend
no happy end

we're fading fast
we've come a long way
and i won't pretend
a happy end

trying to save my soul
when you're all alone
all the miles we went, you tried to pretend
there's somewhere else to go

lead my life on the edge or back against the wall
your eyes reflecting the coming fall
you knew to let me in, i had to let you go
it's too late, now i know

that if i try to fight the pain inside
there's nowhere else to go
took our games too far, forgot who we are
there's nowhere else to go

all the words they say
about the price we pay
tell me it's no use, i'm facing the truth
pushing you away

i know i can't
live my life on the edge or back against the wall
your eyes reflecting the coming fall
you let me in, i let you go
it's too late, now i know

that if i try to fight the pain inside
there's nowhere else to go
took our games too far, forgot who we are
there's nowhere else to go
we're on our own

instrumental solo

that if i try to fight the pain inside
there's nowhere else to go
took our games too far, forgot who we are
there's nowhere else to
that if i try to fight the pain inside
there's nowhere else to go
took our games too far, forgot who we are
there's nowhere else to go
we're on our own

you let me in, i let you go
our souls born in a broken home
we let it die, we carry on
to find our place, we're on our own

so i found you
tried to show you what you caused
you say it's my fault
it's the aftermath of yours
you think i'm happy
when you say it's not so bad
i say come closer
take a look inside my head
my kingdom falls
an empty throne placed in the dark
a mother searching for her child
my mind's running wild

rising tension and my world's slipping out of my hands
too much to comprehend
building up
so with my eyes open wide
and the words in my mouth
i will say it loud

welcome my friend
to a world
where the tables won't turn, the sun won't rise
just to witness the end
of what in time could have been

see i tried to
see i tried to find a way
to stand my own ground
and ignore the words you say
and it's no use
found a way inside my head
just like the echoes
like a voice behind my back
i'll find my own
approval for want of the crown
a lock up with no place to hide
i'm trapped in my mind

rising tension and my world's slipping out of my hands
too much to comprehend
building up
so with my eyes open wide
and the words in my mouth i will say it loud

welcome my friend
to a world
where the tables won't turn; the sun won't rise
just to witness the end
of what in time could have been

and i don't need your excuses and i don't need your regret
i just wanted you to understand that i can't forget
that i can't forget
no i can't forget
it's in my head
it's in my head, oh yeah
it's in my head
it's in my head, oh no

welcome my friend
to a world
where the tables won't turn, the sun won't rise
just to witness the end
of what in time could have been

and i don't need your excuses and i don't need your regret
i just wanted you to understand that i can't forget
that i can't forget
no, i can't forget
i can't forget

in the end my composure collapses
crossing out my name
leaving all i created in ashes
again, again

but tell me i won't be forgotten
lost in the darkness, died for nothing
no way back home
gotta make it on my own
now i'm reaching out in fear for a dying light
leaving every other option out of sight
i'm a burning soul
dancing on my own

in the end my composure collapses
leaving all i created in ashes
i've been telling lies, alibis, blurring the truth
the price i have paid for my actions was you

now that i lost every lifeline
breaking the promise of a lifetime
throw me off track
find my way through hell and back
now i'll make it up to you, had to see myself
through the unforgiving eyes of someone else
all the warning signs
washed away in time

in the end my composure collapses
leaving all i created in ashes
i've been telling lies, alibis, blurring the truth
the price i have paid for my actions was you

fuck
now i'm pushing what's left of me over the edge
all the guilt and the shame
what i tried to pretend, who i was in the end
erase my name

in the end my composure collapses
leaving all i created in ashes
i've been telling lies, alibis, blurring the truth
the price i have paid for my actions was you
was you

i was long gone, vision fading away
but against the odds, i found the best in me

there's a place cold and dark
in the back of my head
with a voice telling me
that i'm better off dead
i was lost in the dark
but i'm leaving it all behind
for the last time i'll feel like i'm

losing my focus
every time i'm on my knees
heavy hearts sing of defeat
leaving me hopeless
say it's not the times i failed
but the moments i prevailed

when i opened my eyes, realized
that i could pay the price
all i lost in the war before
a life worth dying, life worth dying for

fill my lungs, feel the air
there's a fire inside
let it breathe, finally free
there is nothing to hide

never surrender
every second that i need
i'll get back up on my feet
more than pretenders
everything that i erased
but the image of your face

when i opened my eyes, realized
that i could pay the price
all i lost in the war before
a life worth dying, life worth dying for

when i opened my eyes, realized
that i could pay the price
all i lost in the war before
a life worth dying, life worth dying for
realized
all i lost in the war before
a life worth dying, life worth dying for

i wish i knew you more
i wished that feeling away
and it always comes back
in my head very late
when i rest my head to lay
my thoughts get the best of me
that day, the clouds hung over me
that day, it seems so distant
brother, do you watch over me?
brother, why do you linger inside my mind?
on my own
you have no business haunting those you loved
don't know exactly where you are in the afterlife
my brother, i cared so much
forced to grow on my own
forced to fill your shoes and take on the world
forced to grow on my own
forced to fill your shoes and take on the world
to take on the world
now time has left me here to heal
you disappeared, you disappeared
the last thing i want to do is feel
you had a brother, you had a brother
now time has left me here to heal
the last thing that i want to do is feel
brother, do you watch over me?
brother, why do you linger inside my mind?
despite what i've said
i'm not bitter
only regretful of the time
we didn't spend
the laughs we didn't share
the brother you could have been

lost souls collide to find everything unsound
all that's lost is here on the ground
i can't be found
wanderer, i can't be found
shrouded in secrecy;
a face you can't see
i am the enigma of the everchanging
my veins, the trees, and the in between
i've come to realize that's it's all in sync
within the deep of the night
when lost souls collide
there you will find me wandering endlessly

night feelings settle in
i'm falling deeper and i can't pretend
i don't know where i am anymore
and i'm closing every open door
tear this weary mind to pieces
so drown me out
i'm filled with doubt
maybe i'll burn
maybe i'll never learn
disconnect, recollect
i'll disconnect
i'm feeling lost and it feels okay
still getting darker every day
drown me
drown me out
drown me

night feelings, settle in
i'm falling deeper and i'll break and bend
i am not what i was to begin
there's still so much to find in the end
maybe there's peace in being lost
maybe there's hurt in being home
maybe there's hurt in being home
i can't be found

in a haze, every winter's morning
the sunrise, in all it's glory
defeated the night once again
this is a love i cannot comprehend

white wolf, you are home
where the free and lonely roam
under the afterglow
with guidance, i am whole
follow the footprints in the snow

incomprehensive mind, i forget you from time to time
blue eyes inside the lines, and a coat of pale white
reoccurring dreams, what a calming sight
a luminous stare, that brings me peace of mind

isolated, i am the one who walks alone
i am, remnants of anything that survived
i am, a new being on the inside
fear is the only thing i've ever left behind

winter solstice brings the harshest age
and the sun will rarely show it's face
smoke signals, over the trees
the bitter cold, shifting all throughout the leaves

a place for one, the prodigal son
wisdom comes in waves, and is given to none
forced to survive
i hope i'm still alone in your eyes
you are home

white wolf, you are home
where the free and lonely roam
under the afterglow
with guidance, i am whole
follow the footprints in the snow

in silence, i am noise
with vibrance, there's no void
a thousand eyes watching me
they will see me watching back
and with fear left behind
my future is already written

white wolf of the night
you are my only guiding light
white wolf of the night
you are my only guiding light

engraved in stone, we've been dethroned
no longer the kings and queens; we've become outgrown
as i roam through eternity i let go of control
another day, another night, pass me by
my uncertainty always comes to light
i build my walls up, to lay them to rest
always coming out on the other side, with even less
we are what takes our time; so take all of mine
we have become outgrown
i thought i'd live a thousand lives, before i'd ever feel this way
the night can't last forever
and we're running out of days
this feeling is here to stay;
tear me away
i build my walls up, to lay them to rest
always coming out on the other side, with even less
in my rise, i will not falter
in my rise, i will never stop
constantly pushing myself beyond unrest, the only constant becomes a mess
a question can never be the answer
celestial floods
with every step
i would lose everything
to see you live on
i thought i'd live a thousand lives, before i'd ever feel this way
the night can't last forever
and we're running out of days
this feeling is here to stay;
tear me away
i'll burn so bright, forget about the night
i'll burn so bright, remember me when i am gone
celestial floods, with every step
the luster loses its shine;
i'll never lose mine, i'll never lose mine

peer into my eyes
eclipsed lenses reflect the distance
between you and me
we are further than we seem
hold my breath, my fingertips graze your palms
but the warmth is gone
left to stumble in the dark
i blinked and part of me was gone
hope goes up in smoke
vapor dissipates

i lost my shadow
i feel you slipping away, but i need you to stay
you contour the source to black out the light
my shadow

for the sake of life, i cross the line
to look back at the day
i left myself behind, self-separated from soul
i lost my shadow
black out

dancing shapes against the wall
the somber melody inside
sings in black and white
the glow flickers out, glimmer into night

i lost my shadow
black out the light
hollow, cold
self from soul
self-separated from soul

i lost my shadow
black out the light
hollow and cold
self from soul
i lost my shadow
black out the light
hollow and cold
self from soul

for the sake of life, i cross the line
to look back at the day
i left myself behind, self-separated from soul
i lost my shadow, shadow

i lost my shadow
black out the light
hollow and cold
self from soul

your cloud hovers over me
oceans of grey
blanket the flashing light
drawing the curtains closed
i forge a shelter yet it drenches me
torrential downpour endlessly

casting a shade on purity
forging a shelter, it drenches me
so tell me, do you believe
do you believe you can love me?

stargazing under the darkness of my roof
the clouds blot out the pale moonlight
"as surely as the sun rises"
says the cloud to her moon

i know it wasn't good for me
the way the rain showered me lonely
did you believe
you could love me?

the heavens break
cloud cascade
quench the torch on my own skin
so i can stand in her storm
tide shifting, earth shakes
crashing from the weight of gravity

casting a shade on purity
forging a shelter, it drenches me
so tell me, do you believe?
do you believe you can love me?

water stands on my skin
runs my blood cold, yet i will never hide

stargazing under the darkness of my roof
the clouds blot out the pale moonlight
"as surely as the sun rises"
your cloud hovers over me
drawing the curtains closed

harvester of the night
there are no secrets left anymore
we reap and sow and follow the road
the deadweight finally brought me down

but i will resurface
in stillness came balance and ears to hear
but all i know is so frail at this moment in time
push me aside

hanging on the edge of what i've been told
and who's to say that it was your mind to mold?
restore control, mend your broken bones
there is more to be found

every path has a beginning and end
but i never chose where to begin
if love is what we're living in, so be it
i'm not afraid anymore

the great unknown is all i've ever wanted to know
a journey not about myself but about the test of time

weightless love, you know me so well
weightless love, you know me so well
weightless love, you know me so well
weightless love, you know me so well

weightless love

stripped down to nothing, humble and shameful
i have nothing to lose
bring me back to dust, start again
i have nothing to offer
i have nothing to lose
i am dust once again, in the endless blue

every path has a beginning and end
every soul has a story to lend
tell me how you perceive this life you live
tell me do you watch it slip away?

all the knowledge you've ever retained

burn what you know
burn what you love and start anew
what's left of it all, is the truth
burn what you love
what's left of it all
is the only truth

all i've ever longed for
was it a waste of time, or will i get mine?
abandon me, and i'll adapt to the loss
what a dark and fragile place this is
i am stuck in between the lines of understanding
what it is to merely exist, and to prosper
i can't believe i'm alive
amidst the world taking away everything i am
all i am, all i am
all i've ever longed for, was it a waste of time
or will i get mine?
abandon me, and i'll adapt to the loss
quintessential growth, in the palm of your hand
winter embrace me and all i am
forgotten souls bask in the bitter cold
the feeling of being cherished, is an unfamiliar one
leave me be under the leaves, in the wake of spring
i'll be descending in my sinking sleep
wishful thinkers
we are the ones with a seed of hope
with no space to grow
we are the ones
that hold what little we have so close
my mind longs to be still once more
what a dark and fragile place this is
i am stuck in between the lines of understanding
what it is to merely exist, and to prosper
but in my mind, i'll be fine
but in my mind, i'll be fine
i am forever in debt, to the ones who left
i would never ask the world a favor
it would never happen

everything you love, you let down
tell me is it wrong to love at all?
call me the victim, call me the failure
the ice gets thinner, as i break through layers

treading through the boundless
i rebuke the blessing that i never received
in hopes of a wish, the hopeless one i'll never keep

a thousand times before, i've been here
on the outside looking in
poisoned thoughts, from those somber days

i've become the darker half
this is the part of me
i want to go away
i am abhorred;
and allured by this current state of darkness
and in retrospect

i could never be, a shepherd without the sheep
a forest without the trees, an empire without a king
ambition without a dream, the sand without the sea
in darkness, light persists
in weakness, we resist

my former self was a cry for help
closed off to the world and ones i love
a lost cause, with an ounce of hope
clinging to it with everything in me
a chapter lost, is a lesson gained
may the fire that resides, still remain
remove the thorns from my side
luminous sky above, hear my cry

all my life, the angst and agony
take me away, this is my final plea

i could never be, a shepherd without the sheep
a forest without the trees, an empire without a king
ambition without a dream, the sand without the sea
in darkness, light persists
in weakness, we resist
in darkness, light persists
in weakness, we resist

native tongues
we have accepted
that we can never see eye to eye
with one another
fear remains on your soul, and as life unfolds
you have become the tale untold

bury me under dirt and sorrow
like a broken dream
this was never meant to be
end the noise, end it now
slow voices surround me
with nowhere to go
i refuse to listen

empty stares from uneasy eyes
i see you're dead inside
stuck in gloom, so soon

am i in the wrong?
am i losing ground?

the judgement you speak
has skewed all clarity
pacing around the room
all the eyes are now on you

empty stares from uneasy eyes
i see you're dead inside
stuck in gloom, so soon

the outcast in me
can see right through
the desperation in you

i have just one word of advice
a message to the stray:
you've become stagnant
you've become tame
stop living halfway, stop living halfway
stop living halfway

don't believe in love, it will let you down
i believe in loss when i hear
when i hear the sound

i felt it once, when i was young
and so indifferent to all the things
being pushed my way again and again

it intertwines
in a perfect world there would be purity
perfect moon, perfect sun, together in harmony
we're living in all this fire
ignore the ether, it's much too far away

the feeling of loss is what i know too well
send me back to the sky and i will start anew
detrimental bliss
i would give it all up to start again
lost track of time
and if i had the chance, i would lose it all
i would lose it all again, as rooted as i am

don't believe in love, it will let you down
i believe in loss, when i hear
when i hear the sound

the song in the distance
let me down, let me down
let me down, let me down gently
i'm not blind this time
love let me down again

i don't believe a thing
love let me down again
i won't believe a fucking thing i hear ever again

pull me back in the dark, it's been calling me for years
i've been taking my time, and i push it aside
pull me back in the dark, it's been calling me for years
it's been taking my time, and it's taking my life

pull me back into the dark
pull me back into the dark
pull me back into the dark
pull me back

take notice, the everchanging is all around you
take notice, the everlasting is nowhere to be found
an innocent night, can't hear as you cry
"what the fuck am i missing?"
and as you fall and sink to the ground
some loved ones die, some loved ones fight to survive
do you see the flowers fade?
do you feel the sun and its rays?
another day in the life of a passerby
a sonder stare, a frozen mind
no one is here to last
i am the here and now
internal disharmony, i can't breathe
external tranquility
for once, i can breathe
it's a delicate ecosystem
and somewhere in the core of you
you'll find a warmth that's unexplainable
in the wake of a new day
in the wake of a new day you'll see
you'll see that you're not the victim
it's a simple structure, you'll see
the universe is the victim
i've been under siege and overthinking it
thinking endlessly and now i know the truth
walls are built to be broken down
it's all built to be broken down
fuck
take notice
take notice
in the wake of a new day you'll see
you'll see that you're not the victim
it's a simple structure, you'll see
the universe is the victim
an innocent night, can't hear as you cry
"what the fuck am i missing?"
and as you fall and sink to the ground
some loved ones die, some loved ones fight to survive

i was just giving in
i was just spending my time
all of my time, in my head
while the outside of me was dead
i was just giving in
when we speak, we create
when we love, we relate
exist, for just a fraction of a second
and you know you're alone
paint myself in purity
lose myself in weightless love
close my eyes, as the world goes away
call it emptiness, or call it grace
to never know, is not the saving face
when we speak, we create
when we love, we relate
the audible mind, meets the mind awake
we align our thoughts, to mold like clay
quiescent beings, of the new age
find your way, find your way
exist, for just a fraction of a second
and know you're alone
paint myself in purity
lose myself in weightless love
the aura hides in a sacred place
quiescent beings of the new age
find your way, find your way, with me
in this solitary state, every word has weight
we align our thoughts, to mold like clay
find your way, find your way

shapeshifter, an everchanging hue
chromatic variance i can see right through
sharpen your senses, blend with the backdrop
that obscures you, concealed by fear
hiding in plain sight
i can't replace you, i never meant to
i regret to say you were one of a kind
understand we share a bond that was left behind

shapeshifter, no color looks like you, world turning grey
all you want is something new
shapeshifter, your color's burning out
i watched you fade away into decay

we stared at the sun
gazed into the haze until the colors faded into a shade of delusion
drifting away, you traded doubt for fate, a sorry soul at stake
you've become another shapeshifter
i knew you by distance
you showed me there's no love like loss
count the seconds, recall the memories
spindles descending from the calloused hands of time
you showed me there's no love like loss

i regret to say you were one of a kind
understand we share a bond that was left behind
brothers who loved one another
we had a lot to lose, it shouldn't have been you

shapeshifter, no color looks like you, world turning grey
all you want is something new
shapeshifter, your color's burning out
i watched you fade away like you never wanted dark

the monarch of silence condescends to speak
foreign and familiar eyes meet through a temple haze
surrounded by smoke that consumes a cloud of confidence
witness to the purity of penance
before the bond that holds us together
no more space between death and woefully unclean

the guilt and the shame, can you take it all away?
as soon as i graze you, it's over for me
the guilt and the shame, can you take it all away?
afraid to embrace if for once you could keep me safe
afraid to embrace

will you go away? restore my grace
will you be waiting? i have no intention to stay

for the first time, you met me where i stand
wrapped me in drapes of your immortal embrace to cover who i think i am
tremble
all questions erased
no more space between death and a sealed fate
a forbidden gaze
unraveled at the sound of the throne room-shaking

the guilt and the shame
as soon as i graze you, it's over for me
the guilt and the shame, can you take it all away?
afraid to embrace if for once you could keep me safe

all this time i was afraid of dying alone
my first breath extended in the palm of your hand
my final belongs to you, it was yours when we began

how long has it been
since i was reassured
that everything will be alright in the end?
tell me the things i never wanted to hear
all this time, you tried to fix what wasn't even broken

tread on me, subconsciously
give me what i lack
there is no turning back
holding my tongue, was holding me down
i couldn't say anything as you watched me drown
you watched me
you walked on me

you watched me
you walked on me
ruined me from the inside out
watch me fall apart

the here and now is such a daunting task
every part of me has changed
but there's something inside of me
that stayed the same

the nights are cold, and the days are bleak
like the oldest tree, i am weak
i'll live on, away from it all
it's the only way i'll find
where i really belong

tread on me, subconsciously
give me what i lack
there is no turning back
the undeniable remains
the truth will always sting

how can i learn to love at all
when everything is so temporary?
how can i learn to love at all
when everything is so temporary?

the end and now

without my eyes
staring fierce into the blackened sky
vibrating skin, caused by my boiling veins
just seal the air out

sinking up and slowly floating down
as i gaze upon the pillars wilting at my feet

speaking in silence
falling asleep into
still quiet space
pray that i wake again

why am i killing myself?
all of me is not for you to take
for you to take

a fraction in time
we are so lost between the end and now
a broken sliver, shards of mirror crafted collectively
endless river, the flow of eternity
face to face, staring at my gaze in the water
once a ripple, now quiet and still

speak in silence, fall asleep
into quiet, pray i wake
speak in silence, fall asleep
into quiet, pray i wake
speaking in silence, falling asleep into
still quiet space, pray that i wake again

my hollow self is nothing less than a pawn in this game
no time for rest when time is everything
as i'm waking up
i'm traveling on borrowed time
there i am bound, a fraction in time
a fraction in time, the end and now

run into the dark, keep my two worlds apart
choke out the light, extinguish what burns in me
hold my breath, feel the hole inside my chest
bleed out your life so i can breathe

i wake up shaking cold
always alone, warmth is a home
i can't find my way back to
i was at home with you
but i traded it for a shiver
but i traded it for a shiver
i traded it all

violent winter, frigid weather
heartbeat darker, spirit severed
keep me close, my soul is fading
keep me close, i hope you're waiting for me

violent winter, frigid weather
heartbeat darker, spirit severed
burn me to ashes, burn me to ashes
i need to feel the flame
burn me to ashes, burn me to ashes
there is no warmth without you

i wake up shaking cold
always alone, warmth is a home
i can't find my way back to
i was at home with you
but i traded it for a shiver
but i traded it for a shiver
i traded it all

when memories are all that's left of me
rooted like evergreens, let fate rain on me
in the bitter air changing seasons bring
to exist in rememberings, am i worth a memory?

washing away in the endless sea
the spinning of threads in uncertain lengths, let fate rain on me
pull me under to a world that's still
drown me in the cold, dense rift slowly in a moonlit drift
take me away, cast the world in stone
slow the spinning sun

try to stop the sand, but it only flows quicker
pry the ticking hand just to try to remember
did i use the time i had, or did i let the time use me?
all the days i can't get back, suspend me in time

when memories are all that's left of me
rooted like evergreens, let fate rain on me
in the bitter air changing seasons bring
to exist in rememberings, am i worth a memory?

wear me down
cast the world in stone
dancing in the dark
i'll stay here all alone
wear me down
cast the world in stone
dancing in the dark
i'll stay here all alone

take me away
cast the world in stone, slow the spinning sun
nothing is lost as long as it's remembered
i've lost myself, i've lost myself

let my guard down, throw me on the floor
i lost the only crutch that i had
another fail safe, another guarantee
i'll surrender with a "let me be"

and now i promise that i'm not the only cynic
i'm just so numb to the world so numb to the world
so frail, so pessimistic
i never wanted to be this way

dusk awaits, bringing somber feelings
forever hiding behind a mask i made
i walk the same path everyday
it gets darker, but it feels the same

the truth is lost
where do i turn when i question myself?
where do i turn when i lose someone else?
the truth is lost

i lost faith in you
i lost faith in me
i lost faith in you
i lost faith in me

and i'm clinging to the here and now
and i'm feeling, like i've never felt at all

draped in a cloak that hides my skin, but not my shame
ease my mind beyond what i've been feeling
this is the real me and i want out alive

dusk awaits, bringing somber feelings
forever hiding behind a mask i made
i walk the same path everyday
it gets darker, but it feels the same

where do i turn when this aura surrounds me?
where do i turn when i question myself? i'm losing sleep
where do i turn when this aura surrounds me?
i'm losing sleep, i'm losing sleep

self health expired
heart aches still beating tired
i want you to see that love didn't change a thing

causality caused in baron skin
not seen in the world i'm in
saturate the cure i can't feel anymore
a prisoner of this self war

over thinking killing the feeling
keep it in
will i make it through tonight?
blacked out but alive

exit this, the baron skin
life leaving the world i'm in
depart, take heart and come apart
transfuse what's left of me
not excuse found in me
ran out of blood to bleed
i've lost the hold of life so easily
suppress recovery

don't live in your own hell
keep it in
will i make it through tonight?
blacked out but alive

no getting through
in love, outcast, in bloom
but still i'm so lost in you

lost loosing control
when life let me go
will i see tomorrow?

over thinking killing the feeling
keep it in
will i make it through tonight?
blacked out but alive
just be yourself now
don't live in your own hell
keep it in
will i make it through tonight?
blacked out but alive

just fine for tonight

a new way of life is running into my veins
rejecting the same way, i'll find out why some day
the wound swells and stings, we're all slaves to a feeling
tonight it can't get much worse, so turn this ache to purpose

this is who we were
imbalanced now
self unassured
the change of now

fight to survive
i've become a victim of this life
find what's inside
to keep me alive

a new way of life, a way out of the dark
my wall of life scars, is being cut and torn apart
'cause this is self war i can only fight within
this is permanent just like the scars on my skin

fight to survive
i've become a victim of this life
confined to what you believe in
so keep me alive for tonight

i feel truth starting to sink in, and changing
did life lose hope in someone else, but you can't change this now
we are all fused and lost in the noise, our paths have become the same
i know it'll happen some day, 'cause our souls will never change

what if life is
what it's forced to be?
separate me
from what it seems
learn to be free
a new way of life
seek to avoid, fill the void
we're all lost in the noise

fight to survive
i've become a victim of this life
confined to what you believe in
so keep me alive for tonight

fight to survive
keep me alive
liberate a life
separate in order to survive

this is who we were
imbalanced now
self unassured
the change of now

it's been ten whole years since i first saw you
am i finished with you?
drain the light from my eyes
bleed me to death for the last time
carry me on by your side
break me down
this has become my home
give me up and let me go
i just want you to know i find it hard to write the words
they're the reason that i'm still here
like day without night or life with no decay
no matter where i'll be, this piece is a part of me
and even with time to think
my world is never changing because there is no me when there is no you
listen close
this is as far as i can go
but just know that i loved you
i need to let go
i left you alone
losing the place that i call home
so tear me apart, don't take it to heart
i gave it all i got
this is where we depart

no way out or in
release is sinking in
liberate the chemical sin
that's scarring at my skin
i wanted to know, i wanted to see
what was the worst thing you saw in me
it feels like i've held it together for too long
do i let it be, even if i bled
some things are better left unsaid
it feels like i've held it together for too long
can't find my self in me
only compulsion found in me
every breathe dying to breath
soaked in bleach for none to see
misread, mislead and i'm empty
run down sick of feeling drowned
hidden sheltered and earthbound
why is love not all i need?
do i know love at all?
i wanted to know, i wanted to see
what was the worst thing you saw in me
it feels like i've held it together for too long
do i let it be, even if i bled
some things are better left unsaid
it feels like i've held it together for too long
can't find my self in me
why is love not all i need?
i'll give anything
why is love not all i need?
can't find myself in me
don't know what the world wants me to be
why is love not all i need?
do i know love at all?
lost the interaction
devotion out of fashion
sick of the chain reaction
life's lost its own attraction
do i know love?
love
why is love not all i need?
love, love
do i know love at all?
i wanted to know, i wanted to see
what was the worst thing you saw in me
it feels like i've held it together for too long
do i let it be, even if i bled
some things are better left unsaid
it feels like i've held it together for too long
can't find my self in me
only compulsion found in me
soaked in bleach for none to see
misread, mislead at 23

life is more than living empty veined
i can't turn back to sink into the same
forced to be a former me, let it bleed

the start of what was new
took in and self abused
sole intent i consumed
that the only one was you

life is more than what it's forced to be
separating from what i thought was me
safety washed away
and courage vow betrayed

are you what i live for?

thought sleep could kill the pain
nights shorter than the days
you are only my decline
you can't act like my cocaine
no thought that's not erased
no self left to sedate
no way of quick escape
no euphoric state

the start of what was new
took in and self abused
sole intent i consumed
that the only one was you

it's like i've felt unsure
more than i have before
former cause of this self war
you were all that i, all that i live for

feeling my world sink into the same
what if i can't rid the former pain?
rid the pain
i'm not who i used to be
can't repeat history

rid the pain
live again

how can a world exist
if i'm alone in this?
pull me through, learn to consume
i can live on without you

life is more
kill self war
be the cure
you are all that i live for

recovery, where have you been?
save me from myself killing belief
i never thought i'd want to lose myself at all
to close my eyes a bid farewell
drown in the fact that i'm not someone else
so let me leave from this hell, and let me relearn to be myself
i find it hard speaking out, to try and find what's not in myself
when every body else is living their life proud
i'm waiting for the misery to fall and die in me
no belief is killing me
cut deep and don't hold back
i don't see you in myself
i can't seem to breathe in and start recovering
let down and shut me out
relapse to turning back
it's hard to face me when these scars won't heal at all, let them be visible
i am breaking down slowly to all my 'if only's'
maybe i cared too much but that was not enough
the contentment and dedication left my arteries
it's not coming back my way

it's been ten whole years since i first saw you
am i finished with you?
drain the light from my eyes
bleed me to death for the last time
carry me on by your side

break me down
this has become my home
give me up and let me go

no matter where i'll be, this piece is a part of me
and even with time to think
my world is never changing because there is no me when there is no you

break me down
this has become my home
give me up and let me go

listen close
this is as far as i can go
but just know that i loved you

i need to let go
i left you alone
losing the place that i call home
so tear me apart, don't take it to heart
i gave it all i got
this is where we depart
this is where we depart
'cause this is where we depart
so tear me apart, don't take it to heart
i gave it all i got
this is where we depart

and even with time to think 'cause there is no me when there is no you

break me down
this has become my home
give me up and let me go

listen close
this is as far as i can go
but just know that i loved you

life is more
life is more
life is more than living empty veined
life is more to sink into the same

the start of what was new
took in and self abused
sole intent i consumed
that the only one was you

life is more than what it's forced to be
life is more what i thought was me
life is more and courage vow betrayed
life is more

are you what i live for?

thought sleep could kill the pain
nights shorter than the days
you are only my decline
you can't act like my cocaine
no thought that's not erased
no self left to sedate
no way of quick escape
no euphoric state
no euphoric, no euphoric, no euphoric state

the start of what was new
took in and self abused
sole intent i consumed
that the only one was you

it's like i've felt unsure
more than i have before
former cause of this self war
you were all that i lived, all that i lived for
all that i lived for
you were all that i lived for

life is more

you were all that i lived for

let's go!

with bloodshot eyes, i watch you sleeping
the warmth i feel beside me is slowly fading
would she hear me, if i called her name?
would she hold me, if she knew my shame?

there's always something different going wrong!
the path i walk's in the wrong direction!
there's always someone fucking hanging on!
can anybody help me make things better?

your tears don't fall, they crash around me
her conscience calls, the guilty to come home
your tears don't fall, they crash around me
her conscience calls, the guilty to come home

the moments die, i hear no screaming
the visions left inside me are slowly fading
would she hear me, if i called her name
?
would she hold me, if she knew my shame?

there's always something different going wrong!
the path i walk's in the wrong direction!
there's always someone fucking hanging on!
can anybody help me make things better?

your tears don't fall, they crash around me
her conscience calls, the guilty to come home
your tears don't fall, they crash around me
her conscience calls, the guilty to come home
oh!
yeah!

this battered room i've seen before
the broken bones they heal no more, no more
with my last breath i'm choking
will this ever end? i'm hoping
my world is over, one more time!
let's go!

would she hear me, if i called her name?
would she hold me, if she knew my shame?

there's always something different going wrong!
the path i walk's in the wrong direction!
there's always someone fucking hanging on!
can anybody help me make things better?

your tears don't fall, they crash around me
her conscience calls, the guilty to come home tears don't fall
your tears don't fall, they crash around me conscience calls
her conscience calls, the guilty to come
better!
your tears don't fall, they crash around me conscience calls
her conscience calls, the guilty to come home!

i don't understand just why you wanna keep me guessing
what i've done or what i've said to make, make you feel this way
i get the feeling this is never getting any better

seems to me we need to draw a line for everybody's sake
before it washes us away

first you wanna hate me, then you wanna love me
this is how i'm feeling, i'm just letting you know
don't wanna hear it, i ain't gonna fake it
this is how i'm feeling, now i'm letting you go
coldest heart i've ever known, now i'm better off alone
first you wanna love me, then you wanna hate me
this is how i'm feeling now i'm letting you, letting you go

so i know this hasn't gone the way that we expected
you had to try and make a fool of me and leave a bitter taste
i try to compromise with open eyes but we're disconnected

seems to me we need to draw a line for everybody's sake
before it washes us away

first you wanna hate me
first you wanna hate me, then you wanna love me
this is how i'm feeling, i'm just letting you know
don't wanna hear it, i ain't gonna fake it
this is how i'm feeling, now i'm letting you go
coldest heart i've ever known, now i'm better off alone
first you wanna love me, then you wanna hate me
this is how i'm feeling now i'm letting you, letting you go

now i'm letting you, letting you go
now i'm letting you, letting you go

first you wanna hate me, then you wanna love me
this is how i'm feeling, i'm just letting you know
don't wanna hear it, i ain't gonna fake it
this is how i'm feeling, now i'm letting you go
coldest heart i've ever known, now i'm better off alone
first you wanna love me, then you wanna hate me
this is how i'm feeling now i'm-
first you wanna hate me, then you wanna love me
this is how i'm feeling, i'm just letting you know
don't wanna hear it, i ain't gonna fake it
this is how i'm feeling, now i'm letting you go

coldest heart i've ever known
now i'm better off alone
first you wanna love me
then you wanna hate me
this is how i'm feeling now i'm letting you, letting you go

so now this ship is sinking
i don't know what to do
it's got me thinking that i don't need
don't need you
too many wrong decisions
you didn't think this through
so what i'm saying is i don't need
don't need you

open your eyes and see
what we have become
this isn't living, it's existing
and i just can't take this shit
and hurt anymore
hurt anymore

so bury me with all you got
it never stops, never ends, gotta try and
let it out, let it go
is this the end?
because it might just break me

so now this ship is sinking
i don't know what to do
it's got me thinking that i don't need
don't need you
too many wrong decisions
you didn't think this through
so what i'm saying is i don't need
don't need you

look at us now, we're fucked
and nothing's the same
the biggest piece of me is missing and i just can't
take this life or try anymore
i just don't care so come and...

bury me with all that you've got
it never stops, never ends, gotta try and
let it out, let it go
is this the end?
because it might just break me
might just break me

so now this ship is sinking
i don't know what to do
it's got me thinking that i don't need
don't need you
too many wrong decisions
you didn't think this through
so what i'm saying is i don't need
don't need you

don't need you
don't need you
it never stops it never ends
is it too late to make amends
it never stops it never ends
is it too late to make amends

so bury me with all you got
it never stops, never ends, gotta try and
let it out, let it go
is this the end?
because it might just break me

so now this ship is sinking
i don't know what to do
it's got me thinking that i don't need
don't need you
too many wrong decisions
you didn't think this through
so what i'm saying is i don't need
don't need you

don't need you
don't need you
too many wrong decisions
you didn't think this through
so what i'm saying is i don't need
don't need you
bury me with all that you've got

oh!

there goes my valentine again
soaked in red for what she said
and now she's gone!
oh my god have i done it again?!
there's a pulse and it's deafening!
i can't help what i hear in my head!
it's the switch that i flick when it says

hand of blood!
i don't want to feel, my heart is breaking
hand of blood!
i don't want to see, my life is burning!

i saw you look away
is what you've seen too much to take
or are you blind and seeing nothing?
i saw you run! i saw you run away
is what i've done too much to take
or are you scared of being nothing?

there's a stain on my hand and it's red!
oh my god, am i losing it?
i can't help what i've done or i've said
it's the button i push when it says

hand of blood!
i don't want to feel, my heart is breaking
hand of blood!
i don't want to see, my life is burning!

i saw you look away
is what you've seen too much to take
or are you blind and seeing nothing?
i saw you run! i saw you run away
is what i've done too much to take
or are you scared of being nothing?

no!

i saw you look away
is what you've seen too much to take
or are you blind and seeing nothing?
i saw you run! i saw you run away
is what i've done too much to take
or are you scared of being nothing?

we will not take this anymore
these words will never be ignored
you want a battle
here's a war

down eyes of shame
made to feel dead again
your words cut deep
your lies are fueled by your need for deceit
too scared to speak
you're only alive when you torture the weak
now hear me roar

i will not take this anymore
these words will never be ignored
you want a battle
here's a war!
i will not take this anymore
these words will never be ignored
you want a battle
here's a war!

don't be afraid
no remorse, no restraint
these scars won't heal
now you're the victim i'm making you feel
like you are me
i need you to know what you've done can you hear?
can you hear me roar?

i will not take this anymore
these words will never be ignored
you want a battle
here's a war
you want a battle
here's a war
i will not take this anymore
these words will never be ignored
you want a battle
here's a war

you want a battle, here's a war
you want a battle, here's a war!
don't suffer in your silence
know you are never alone
don't suffer in your silence
know you are never alone
we will not take this anymore
these words will never be ignored
you want a battle
here's a war

we will not take this anymore
these words will never be ignored
you want a battle
here's a war
we will not take this anymore
these words will never be ignored
you want a battle
here's a war!

here's a war!

after all this time
you still couldn't recognize
that your problem lies within
in a vicious circle
can you tell me why?
why you've thrown it all away
'cause it makes no sense to me
why you wouldn't listen

i know it hurts
i tried to help to ease your pain
i know these words
they won't mean anything
i hope it hurts
you've only got yourself to blame
and i can't take this anymore
i'm over it
so over it

watching you decline
what were you expecting
i can't save you from yourself
when you don't want saving
it's on your head!
don't point the finger point the blame!
'cause the warning signs were clear
you just wouldn't listen

i know it hurts
i tried to help to ease your pain
i know these words
they won't mean anything
i hope it hurts
you've only got yourself to blame
and i can't take this anymore
i'm over it
so over it

breathe in breathe out
i feel it coming round again
breathe in breathe out
don't wanna ride your carousel
breathe in breathe out
don't know how much more i can take
breathe in breathe out
just stop 'cause i'm about to break

i know it hurts
tried to help to ease your pain
i know these words
they won't mean anything
i hope it hurts
you've only got yourself to blame
and i can't take this anymore
i'm over it
so over it
i know it hurts i know it hurts!
tried to help to ease your pain
i know these words i know these words!
they won't mean anything
i hope it hurts i hope it hurts!
you've only got yourself to blame
and i can't take this anymore
i'm over it
so over it

i'm over it!
so over it
i'm over it

am i going insane?
my blood is boiling inside of my veins
an evil feeling attacks attacks
my body's shaking, there's no turning back
don't take your eyes off the trigger!
i'm not to blame if your world turns to black
as your eyes start to blister!
there's just no hope for our final embrace

so here we are
i'm in your head
i'm in your heart!

you were told to run away
soak the place, and light the flame
pay the price for your betrayal
your betrayal, your betrayal!
i was told to stay away
those two words i can't obey
pay the price for your betrayal
your betrayal, your betrayal!

is it my turn to die?
my heart is pounding as i say goodbye
so now i dance in the flames
i love you crying and screaming my name
you said that we'd be forever!
how could you kill me and lie to my face?
now that we can't be together!
there's just no hope for our final embrace

so here we are
i'm in your head
i'm in your heart!

you were told to run away
soak the place, and light the flame
pay the price for your betrayal
your betrayal, your betrayal!
i was told to stay away stay away
those two words i can't obey can't obey
pay the price for your betrayal
your betrayal, your betrayal!

go!
ooh-ah-aah
ooh-ah-aah
ooh-ah-aah
ooh-ah-aah

so here we are so here we are
i'm in your head i'm in your head
i'm in your heart!

you were told to to run away
soak the place and light the flame
pay the price for your betrayal
your betrayal, your betrayal!
i was told to stay away stay away
those two words i can't obey can'y obey
pay the price for your betrayal
your betrayal, your betrayal!

give me a reason
give me a reason
why i should give a fuck!

give me a reason
why i should give a fuck
you lost my sympathy
you lack that human touch
too many secrets
too many past mistakes
discolored memories
stained by your fall from grace

you lost my sympathy
another whisper
another heart to break
stained by your fall from grace

let it sink, don't swim
i was in too deep
but i can't let you take another piece of me
you can break me down little bit by bit
but i won't let you keep another piece of me

so tell me something
why should i stitch these cuts?
you brought me misery
you took my confidence
too many bruises
too many hits to take
a broken promise
another scar to make

you brought me misery
another whisper
another heart to break
too many hits to take
another scar to make

let it sink, don't swim
i was in too deep
but i can't let you take another piece of me
you can break me down little bit by bit
but i won't let you keep another piece of me

woah, oh, woah, oh, oh, oh
i can't pretend
woah, oh, woah, oh, oh, oh
it's not the end
woah, oh, woah, oh, oh, oh
please don't pretend
woah, oh, woah, oh, oh, oh
it's not the end!
i won't take this!
you lost my sympathy
i, i've had enough of this!
stand by your fall from grace

let it sink, don't swim
i was in too deep
but i can't let you take another piece of me
you can break me down little bit by bit
but i won't let you keep another piece of me

let it sink, don't swim
i was in too deep
you can break me down little bit by bit
but i won't let you keep another piece of me

oh!
two, three, four!

helpless!
my eyes are bleeding from the fear that's inside!
you sealed your demise when you
took what was mine
don't try to stop me from avenging this world!
no voice to be heard!

waking the demon!
where'd you run to?
walking in shadows!
watch the blood flow
there's not much longer, so don't try and fight
your body's weakening, walk to the light
those painful times so alone, so ashamed
i'm not coming back, there's nothing to gain!

caution!
there's just no limit to the boundaries you push!
i've warned you but still you just
fuck with my mind!
there's no escape from this rage that i feel!
nothing is real!

waking the demon!
where'd you run to?
walking in shadows!
watch the blood flow
there's not much longer, so don't try and fight
your body's weakening, walk to the light
those painful times so alone, so ashamed
i'm not coming back, there's nothing to gain!

breathe for me
don't wake me from this slumber
stay with me
possession taking over
breathe for me
don't wake me from this slumber
stay with me
possession taking over

whoah!
shred!

breathe for me
don't wake me from this slumber
stay with me
possession taking over
breathe for me
don't wake me from this slumber
stay with me
possession taking over

waking the demon!

you're nowhere even near me
but everywhere i go i feel you
can you feel me?
why can't i just forget you?
i want to shed my skin to remove you
can you hear me?

now i'm giving up, i'm never looking back
here we go again
you keep giving me a taste of your venom
you know i'm never looking back
here we go again
i don't want another taste of your venom

how dare you play the victim?
these tortured eyes, they see right through you
right through you
but still you keep me captive
and make me feel like i deserve you
but i hate you, hate you!

now i'm giving up, i'm never looking back
here we go again
you keep giving me a taste of your venom
you know i'm never looking back
here we go again
i don't want another taste of your venom

i feel asphyxiated
it's more than i can take
but nothing ever changes in the end
no more i'm suffocating
you've gone and lost your grip
but nothing ever changes in the end
here we go again
but i hate you, hate you!

now i'm giving up, i'm never looking back
here we go again
you keep giving me a taste of your venom
you know i'm never looking back
here we go again
i don't want another taste of your venom
giving up, never looking back
here we go again
you keep giving me a taste of your venom
you know i'm never looking back
here we go again
i don't want another taste of your venom

no way out!

looking out standing over the edge
too numb to feel alive
so why the fuck are these thoughts in my head?
reach in and pull them out!

still nothing feels the same
too late to hesitate
why can't i run and escape from myself?
and live again!
why can't i run and escape from myself?

tell me why i feel like there's no way out
trying hard to heal as the pain pours out
i don't wanna feel this way but it's hard
cause i know that in the end
there's no way out

oh my god is this really the end?
i guess i'm not alright!
i just can't tell what is real anymore
i'm trapped in my own hell!

i know this can't be real
this negativity
is dominating and smothering me
i just can't breathe!
and i just can't tell what is real anymore

tell me why i feel like there's no way out
trying hard to heal as the pain pours out
i don't wanna feel this way but it's hard
cause i know that in the end
there's no way out

there's nothing left for me
just tainted memories
there's no one here for me
just let me be!
why can't i run and escape from myself
i just can't tell what is real anymore

tell me why i feel like there's no way out
trying hard to heal as the pain pours out
i don't wanna feel this way but it's hard
cause i know that in the end
there's no
no way out!

yeah!
oh my god is this really the end?

my head is a circus
it's all just too much
i guess my best was not good enough
and something is certain
i miss you around
and all that i want is to be with you

you kept me breathing under the water
when everyone else left me to drown
you were the light that shone through the darkness
now i'm blind 'cause you're not around

i know i'm not perfect
i let you down
i guess that i'm paying the price for it now

you kept me breathing under the water
when everyone else left me to drown
you were the light that shone through the darkness
now i'm blind 'cause you're not around

i don't know how we got here
but i know i don't belong
i don't know how we got here
or why i'm holding on

you kept me breathing under the water
when everyone else left me to drown
you were the light that shone through the darkness
now i'm blind 'cause you're not around

you kept me breathing under the water
when everyone else left me to drown
you were the light that shone through the darkness
now i'm blind 'cause you're not around

too many cuts and too many broken bones
draining the life, burying skeletons
do or die, is this the feeling i'm craving?
waiting for life to ignite
is this the moment for taking?
a leap of faith, i'll...

jump into the fire, no fear
taken to the edge but it still can't break me
i'm not caving in

the beat of a pulse, feeling it resonate
into the night, hearing it fade away
do or die, this is choice that i'm making
feels like i'm living a lie
this is the moment for taking
a leap of faith i'll...

jump into the fire, no fear
taken to the edge but it still can't break me
i'm not caving in
nothing's gonna kill me, come take me
closer to the edge but it still can't break me
i'm not caving in

so fill your lungs, inhale the future
now scream it out
so fill your lungs, inhale the future
now scream it out
release the pressure!

so fill your lungs, inhale the future
now scream it out
release the pressure!
so fill your lungs, inhale the future
now scream it out

jump into the fire, no fear
taken to the edge but it still can't break me
i'm not caving in
nothing's gonna kill me, come take me
closer to the edge but it still can't break me
i'm not caving in

jump into the fire
jump into the fire
i'm not caving in

too many cuts and too many broken bones

once more i say goodbye, to you
things happen but we don't really know why
if it's supposed to be like this, why do most of us ignore the chance to miss?
oh yeah

torn apart at the seams and my dreams turn to tears, i'm not feeling this situation
run away try to find a safe place you can hide
it's the best place to be when you're feeling like

me! me!
yeah! yeah!
all these things i hate revolve around
me! me!
yeah! yeah!
just back off before i snap

once more you tell those lies, to me
why can't you just be straight up with honesty? honesty
when you say those things in my ear
why do you always tell me what you wanna hear? wanna hear
oh yeah yeah!

wear your heart on your sleeve, make things hard to believe
i'm not feeling this situation
run away try to find that safe place you can hide
it's the best place to be when you're feeling like

me! me!
yeah! yeah!
all these things i hate revolve around
me! me!
yeah! yeah!
just back off before i snap

and you'll see! me
me! me!
yeah! yeah!
all these things i hate revolve around
me! me!
yeah! yeah!
just back off before i snap

torn apart at the seams and my dreams turn to tears
i'm not feeling this situation
run away try to find a safe place you can hide
it's the best place to be when you're feeling like me

it's the best place to be when you're

me! me!
yeah! yeah!
all these things i hate revolve around
me! me!
yeah! yeah!
just back off before i snap

and you'll see! me
me! me!
yeah! yeah!
all these things i hate revolve around
me! me!
yeah! yeah!
just back off before i snap

your eyes don't lie
a pair of daggers cutting through my mind
your stare it rips a hole into my life
am i supposed to leave this all behind?
it's on my skin
your scent is poison when i breathe you in
it's there with every single breath i take
if this is it then don't resuscitate

i've gone and put myself through this for the very last time
i'm not gonna punish myself when i know that the fault is not mine
it's on my skin
your scent is poison when i breathe you in
i've gone and put myself through this for the very last time
for the very last time

don't you speak
you think i'm hurting but i'm not that weak
i guarantee i won't be losing sleep
'cause you're the one that made this incomplete

i've gone and put myself through this for the very last time
i'm not gonna punish myself when i know that the fault is not mine
don't you speak
you think i'm hurting but i'm not that weak
i've gone and put myself through this for the very last time
for the very last time

breathing
i'm still breathing
i'm still breathing
i'm still breathing

i've gone and put myself through this for the very last time
i'm not gonna punish myself when i know that the fault is not mine
don't you speak
you think i'm hurting but i'm not that weak
i've gone and put myself through this for the very last time

i've gone and put myself through this for the very last time

i'm coming home!
i've been gone for far too long!
do you remember me at all?
i'm leaving
have i fucked things up again?
i'm dreaming
too much time without you spent!

it hurts!
wounds so sore!
now i'm torn
now i'm torn

i've been far away
when i see your face
my hearts burst into fire!
hearts burst into fire!

you're not alone
i know i'm far from home!
do you remember me at all?
i'm leaving
do you wait for me again?
i'm screaming
no more days without you spent

it hurts!
wounds so sore!
now i'm torn
now i'm torn

i've been far away
when i see your face
my hearts burst into fire!
hearts burst into fire!

my bed's so cold, so lonely
no arms, just sheets to hold me
has this world stopped turning?
are we forever to be apart?
forever to be apart

it hurts!
wounds so sore!
now i'm torn
now i'm torn

i've been far away
when i see your face
my hearts burst into fire!
hearts burst into fire!

i'm coming home
i've been gone for far too long!
i'm coming home
do you remember me at all?
do you remember me at all?
i'm leaving
i'm screaming
i'm dreaming
my hearts burst into fire!

you're worthless to me!

have you nothing to say?
can't you see what you're doing to me?
you keep breaking me down
but i won't let you get the better of me
i can't take anymore

look at me
is this what you want?
look at me
am i what you need?
one more word and i'm taking this all away
i won't take anymore

you can keep all your apologies
those words are worthless to me
and i don't wanna hear that you're sorry
your words mean nothing to me

has this opened your eyes?
it was only a matter of time
i can tell by that look on your face on your face
that you know the tables have turned
no one's fault but your own

look at me!
tell me what you see
look at me!
am i what you need?
one more word and i'm taking this all away
i won't take anymore!

you can keep all your apologies
those words are worthless to me
and i don't wanna hear that you're sorry
your words mean nothing to me
no i don't want to hear that you're sorry
your words are worthless to me

you can keep all your apologies
listen to me!

you can keep all your apologies
those words are worthless to me
and i don't wanna hear that you're sorry
your words mean nothing to me

no, i don't want to hear that you're sorry
your words mean nothing to me
and i don't want to hear that you're sorry
your words are worthless to me!
they mean nothing!

'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again and again

lost in the dark in a wilderness of nothing
where do i start when my world is self-destructing?
so confused, so confused nowhere to run
need to numb this pain with something
i'm coming undone, need to pull myself together

so confused, so confused, i'm coming undone
it's the beginning of the end

'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again and again
'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again

where is the sun? i'm still crawling in the darkness
needing someone, to come put me back together
so confused, so confused, i'm coming undone
it's the beginning of the end

'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again and again
'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again

it feels like i'm going under, under again
so confused, so confused
so confused, so confused

'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again and again
'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again
'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again
'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again

'cause when i'm losing my head
it feels like i'm going under, under again and again

i can't cope, now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling
i meltdown as everything around keeps falling, falling

yeah!

under this pressure
i want to disappear
turn on the lights as i need some clarity
so overwhelming
it's bearing down on me
and when it ends all this weight is crushing me

and nothing's easing, waiting
patience is wearing
nothing's helping, wasting
mentally vacant

i can't cope now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling
i meltdown as everything around keeps falling, falling
i can't cope now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling
i meltdown as everything around keeps falling, falling

it's never ending
i see no end in sight
so pull the plug let broken tongues sing through the night
it's almost over
and i can see the light
i still can't focus, need a spark and i'll ignite

and nothing's easing, waiting
patience is wearing
nothing's helping, wasting
mentally vacant

i can't cope now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling
i meltdown as everything around keeps falling, falling
i can't cope now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling
i meltdown as everything around keeps falling, falling

and through it all
it seems so right
but through it all
i sacrifice
when it's holding you down holding you down!
when there's no strength to fight no strength to fight!
when it's dragging you out dragging you out!
find the will to survive

i can't cope now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling
i meltdown as everything around keeps falling, falling

i can't cope now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling
i meltdown as everything around keeps falling, falling
i can't cope now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling
i meltdown as everything around keeps falling, falling

yeah!

i can't cope now i'm down on my knees
i'm crawling, crawling

kill your enemies
my brothers dead around me
wounds are hurting
death is creeping for me
smoke is blinding
hearts are pounding
chaos soon ignites
the call is made, it's one for all
will i meet my maker?

over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
the only way out is to die

god has spoken through his conscience
as i scream, aim and fire
the death toll grows higher
god has spoken through his conscience
as i scream, aim and fire
the death toll grows higher
charge!

fuck this battlefield
the bullets tear around me
bodies falling
voices calling for me
limbs are flying
men are crying
such a hurtful sight
the call is made, it's one for all
take no prisoners

over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
the only way out is to die

god has spoken through his conscience
as i scream, aim and fire
the death toll grows higher
god has spoken through his conscience
as i scream, aim and fire
the death toll grows higher

scream, aim, fire!
scream, aim, fire!

over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
right now, it's killing time
over the top, over the top
the only way out is to die

god has spoken through his conscience
as i scream, aim and fire
the death toll grows higher
god has spoken through his conscience
as i scream, aim and fire
the death toll grows higher

oh!
scream, aim, fire!

your eyes tend to remind me so frequently
the cold and distant light of these heavenly bodies
i know too well that i'm the only one to blame, i'm sorry
i knew where we'd be led but i just kept walking
now, i see the light, the fire devouring the coal
now i'm used to singing with the monster i've become
to dream of the gold in the river
oh, the nights have become longer to stand
and the dawn is harder to wake each day
these nights have stolen the best
and what is left should never be yours
i'm fading with the gleam of a far-off firmament
my soul weeps an ocean i can't seem to drain
i'm drowning in these waters
sink as deep as i can sink
i know too well that i'm the only to blame
i'm sorry
i knew where i'd be led
i've spent my whole life
dreaming of a brighter light
but i doubt you can ever realize
that all these songs to call-off the jinx
might be everything this world has left me
now, i see the light, the fire, devouring the call
now i'm used to singing with the monster i've become
to dream of the gold in the river
oh, the nights have become longer to stand
the dawn is harder to wake each day
i can't seem to live with these dreams of you
fuck!

i'm trying to survive these strange days
this life can be such an adventure
the world stands before my eyes wilder than it has ever been

i forgot these old memories of youth that were caught right under the surface
forgot these souvenirs of you that were calling back the pain

i never felt happy somehow
but i'm trying, i'm trying the best i can
i really wanna feel happy sometimes
really wanna know where the lights are
but it only feels so wrong
it's eating me alive

i never know how to shorten the distance between my heart and my head
'cause through my eyes, the days are monochrome

i wanna feel the light of a new day
but i'm so scared of it all...
i'm scared this utter joy ain't lasting forever
it's eating me alive

i never felt happy somehow
but i'm trying, i'm trying the best i can
i really wanna feel happy sometimes
really wanna know where the lights are
but it only feels so wrong
it's eating me alive

i'm trying to survive my feelings
the joy is the ghost of a wanderer
lost somewhere outside of here
counting every hour

i've been hearing you murmur about a thousand times
the minutes are running like rabbits and i'm chasing words
it's almost midnight
you're probably already sleeping
the sandman by your side

so we'll meet in our dreams

i've been far, for so long
i swear, soon i'll be home
if my heart is cold wrap it up please, warm me up
i see the miles pass one by one on the rear-view mirror;
driving, 'til the night's end, foot on the gas
leaving all the rest behind

it's 5am and i'm miles and miles away from home
frozen
following the signs along the road

i've been far, for so long
i swear soon, i'll be home
if my heart is cold wrap it up please, warm me up
i see the miles pass one by one in rear-view mirror;
driving, 'til the night's end, foot on the gas
leaving all the rest behind

i miss your presence, i need you by my side
i wished a thousand times upon these shooting stars to see you cross that door
'cause i feel half alive since you're gone

i cannot explain this feeling i'm having
when i'm looking at these pictures
yellowed by the sun
this weird emotion is sticking at my soul
it numbs me to the bones

these moments are battles i can't win

everything that i love is killing me
and these lies won't save me any longer, can't save me anymore
i've destroyed one by one every beloved thing
right before my own eyes
slowly but surely

one day i'll be part of the ghosts on your photographs
and you'll forget about me when other ones come

you will replace one by one every memories
they will fall away and merge in the afterglow

i cannot explain this feeling i'm having
when i'm hearing these hearts singing
burdened by their dirge
this weird emotion that's echoing with my soul is all i ever feared

these moments are battles i can't win

everything that i love is killing me
and these lies won't save me any longer, can't save me anymore
i've destroyed one by one every beloved thing
right before my own eyes
slowly but surely

i'll never get used to this acrid venom
that's shooting through my veins
i'll never get used to this ice that stands beneath my skin

let's go.
i know i can't define this life
i know you can't see through these answers
i'm seeking for a way too deep to be found
my life's reflected through the wet film of my eyes my eyes
i've been betraying the kid that i was.
do you think this life really deserves an anthem ?
i've been changing
it reminds me when i was younger and useless.
my heart beats, covered in bruises.
i saw this room slowly turn to a coffin.
as locked in, but i'm not dead yet.
i did my best to show you that i've been changing,
and what i've been through to see clearly through myself.
through myself.
i was such a mess before this
i don't miss it, no, i don't miss it.
my heart has braced itself.
i'll set this world in check,
i finaly found myself.
i've got my dreams and all my memories in my head.
i don't wanna be the one who can live without this.
all that i can see is the distance since these days.
i wouldn't recognize myself without the mess of what i've done with my life
i will never let you define my way of.life.
i thought we've been watching the same sun but we're way too far to finally feel warmed.
this is my time to speak
this is the time to forgive.
i've been betraying the kid that i was.
do you think this life really deserves an anthem ?
i didn't think the show would last so long
though it should last forever now.
i was seeking for this,
having a chance to speak to try to feel better.
i see your face when your eyes are staring back at me.
i can fake it, it's not as hard as it seems with the detachment the drug brings
i've got these dreams to stand for,
got my voice to speak
despite the lies around me now
but this bitter taste that they're leaving won't let me feel anything. delay feel anything
it reminds me when i was younger and useless.
my heart beats, covered in bruises.
i saw this room slowly turn to a coffin.
as locked in, but i'm not dead yet.
i did my best to show you that i've been changing.
and what i've been through
to see clearly through myself.
through myself.
i was such a mess before this
i don't miss it, no, i don't miss it.
my heart has braced itself.
i'll set this world in check,
i finally found myself.
i've got my dreams and all my memories in my head.
i don't wanna be the one who can live without this.
all that i can see is the distance since these days.
i wouldn't recognize myself without the mess of what i've done with my life

she imprisoned my soul in a bottle
like a firefly
and threw it again to the fire
she drew me that life on a vacant canvas
but she's gone with its colors
we're playing a duet
but the melody of melancholy seems to be the only thing we share
tell me the secrets of her fantasy
how could i believe in this heaven that she promises?
she's calling my name in my dreams
i can't hide
oh she's in the walls, and she never falls asleep
i feel her presence
in these streets, in my house
in these thoughts that i have
with her cloak and her big black scythe
this sharp taste of iron doesn't really leave
never really leaves
like calling her ghost through the mirror
i'm painting my life on this vacant canvas with my own blood
she's calling my name in my dreams
i can't hide
oh she's in the walls, and she never falls asleep
i feel her presence
in these streets, in my house
in these thoughts that i have
with her cloak and her big black scythe
i'm calling her ghost through the mirror
oh i know that i just can't hide

it comes in like a cold wind
the spirit of the world we live in
i'm holding a wave
go give it away 'cause
are we looking for the answers?
or are we dropping to our knees and giving in?
i'm running again
stop running away 'cause
stop running away 'cause i feel exiled inside of my head
existing through this vivid dream

say that i'll feel the same it's not your time
say that i'll feel the same
but it's now or never
and i keep running away
existing through this vivid dream
i keep running away it's not your time

so i'm chasing the joie de vivre
not really knowing how it works
i'm holding on a dream
even if everything around me collapses
even if everything around me collapses

so turn and face your fears
thoughts rise, your mind, it clears
i feel it again, oh, i feel it again
'cause i thought i needed somewhere to run
looking for home like night for the setting sun
oh, i'm shining again, oh, i'm shining again

say that i'll feel the same it's not your time
say that i'll feel the same
but it's now or never
and i keep running away
existing through this vivid dream
i keep running away it's not your time

i'm so scared of living my life in vain
i'm always always craving for better vibes
my hands are rough, my soul is heavy...
but they've always held me down
when my whole life was going south
the three last years might have changed my life forever
now i just wanna break free from these towering walls
to get this grey out of my mind
just once and for all
'cause when i'm here alone with the silence, i can't feel whole
no, i can't feel whole
you know
the road has always been the same
but the world is changing
i am lost
lost amongst the days i'm living
i'm dreaming of a brighter way
i've placed my heart on an altar
have set my soul ablaze
in hope to save me from myself
oh you know we may walk under different welkins
but when i'm drowning in your eyes
i can feel that i am not alone anymore
with the stranger
that i see into the mirror
not alone with my fucking pain, again
so don't let me...
don't let me think my life is vain;
i'm so far from seeing the life through their heart shaped glasses
i'm always always craving for better vibes
'cause the world is mad, the world is crazy
and it keeps bringing me down
each day my life keeps going south
the three last years might have changed my life forever
now i just wanna break free from these towering walls
to get this grey out of my mind
just once for all
'cause when i'm here alone with the silence, i can't feel whole
show me the fire, ignite me
i'm feeling so cold
i wanna know why i'm aching
look in my eyes, tell me what you see
i'm feeling so numb
i need a sign to keep on fighting
i need a sign to keep on fighting
don't let me live my life in vain
i need a sign to keep on fighting
don't let me live my life in vain
don't let me think my life is vain

you're just a goddamn liar, playing a fucking role
bragging that perfect life you've never had
the tables turn, kid
i just can't wait to see it
i wanna know what you are made of
oh
you just don't know who you are
there's not much left of yourself
how could you even see with your heart?
you can not see the whole world around
there is no chance to, to cover this hole
i can't see where your heart takes place
there's nothing clear in this game you play and you're losing yourself
because you're living a lie
you don't even know who your friends are
do you feel the gravity?
just come back down
alterating the reality
you heart is blinded by the that lies you told
you want a life you'll never have
leading yourself to your motherfucking downfall
open your mind to the world around
or you will never make it out alive
you just don't know who you are
there's not much left of yourself
how could you even see with your heart?
you can not see the whole world around
there is no chance to, to cover this hole
i can't see where your heart takes place
there's nothing clear in this game you play and you're losing yourself
because you're living a lie
you don't even know who your friends are
do you feel the gravity?
just come back down
open your eyes all your loved ones are faking
you're getting caught up by your lies
i just can't wait to see how this will end
oh, you'll never know how to animate
your empty heart
you'll never feel that fire
you feel nothing
your chest is empty, you can't fill this space
your heart is gone for good, leaving you loveless
it's been a while that your life is a mind-fuck
how the fuck could you live with yourself?
you're just a goddamn liar, playing a fucking role
bragging that perfect life you've never had
facing the mirror, you just can't be yourself
feeling the reality slip between your fingertips

teach me to face what's lurking deep inside
i'm crashing down right before you
i feel broken, i feel downed
with my face against the ground
my heart is weighting me
my icy soul is afire

i'm running after bliss
'cause i don't know what it tastes like
but i'm not blaming anyone, no
i'm way too much detached now
insensitive to your words
and each time that i'm alone
my fucking conscience tells me:

"you're feeling sick of trying
of trying to bury the reason
of trying to heal the wounds in time
you wanted to...
to learn to love this feeling
that's raging in your soul."

teach me to face what lurks within my heart
i'm crashing down right before you
i'm always hiding behind this smile
the smile on my face
so no one's gotta ask me if everythings okay

just read between the lines
i'm wishing that you can see
my sky ain't bluer than yours

i'm way too much detached now
i think i'm too far gone
'cause each time i'm feeling lost
my fucking conscience tells me:

"you're feeling sick of trying
of trying to bury the reason
of trying to heal the wounds in time
you wanted to...
to learn to love this feeling
that's raging in your soul."

i'm feeling sick of trying
of trying to bury the reason
i wanted to...
to learn to love this feeling that's raging in my soul

i've learned to love the thunder, until the sun comes back
i've learned to love this rumble that haunts my mind
it's never ever easy
but i hold onto these lines
i've learned to love this black cloud that haunts my nights

i'm always striving to see clearly
through all my troubles
i need a break
this can't go on and on
i'm near from the breaking point

get me out of my routine
my life is a mess
and if it's a little bit late to change it
then how could i even change myself?
yeah how could i change?
i gotta believe in myself

rely on my feelings
just let me see the dawn
i'll find a way through the morning

a life for the night and some hope in this promise
my demons entertain me
when i'm haunted by all your murmurs

my mind tends to break by itself
i revel in illegible images
oh god is laughing like a fucking brat who plays over an anthill
yeah, i do pray, i pray to stay outta reach

far from his eyes
i sway with that bottle of brandy in hand
i'm alleviating my soul when i drift through the void

i have to say that all this is all making me deeply sick

it echoes in my head
to save things never been part of my plans so i should just play dead but that's
not my type
even sell my soul won't make a difference

that's never ending. never ending
i'll sing as long as i don't know where where i'm going to end

just met me see the dawn
i'll find a way through the morning
a life for the nights, a shelter in the glitter of all these lights

if you let me... see the dawn
i'll find a way through the morning
a life for the night and a meaning at all this

i'll find a meaning at all this

i've never really been proud of my life
i've made a lot of bad choices
but the chance that i was given helped me to change
you know i've been running after something i was dreaming of
and somehow it brought me the strength to still believe

i'm not holding any fucking answer about that life, about that life
i am just trying to live mine
without putting my feelings aside
i keep on trying to find my place in this world

let the light come in
show me the way before the night calls me again
before the night calls me again it calls my name
and if there's any price to pay
then just take everything i have ever owned

i've never really been proud of myself
i've made a lot of bad choices
but the chance that i was given helped me to change
the pain is sticking to these songs
it seems to never leave
but somehow that is what has always defined me

you were leading my steps through the fire
when i was dragging my life through the flames
when i was lost within this hell that i have made of my head
you never stopped calling my name

so let the light come in

let the light come in
show me the way before the night calls me again
before the night calls me again it calls my name
and if there's any price to pay
then just take everything i have ever owned

i'm so sick of these moments with you
of staring at all these stars
hand in hand like two liars
i swear sometimes i'd rather be dead
just like the lights in your eyes
the lights of the town don't shine like they used to
how could i let this be?
oh how could i let this be?
what have we got left except this long silence?
we're fading out as the night falls down
what have we got left expect this fucking distance that is standing
right between us?

we're standing together on the edge like ready to burn
we're staring at each other, fade along the days we're fading
denying a bitter end

our fucking dance is endless
and sometimes, i'd rather be dead
i'd rather watch us fucking burn

endless, our fucking dance is endless
we're dancing on our graves
i'd rather watch us...
i'd rather watch us burn

we're standing together on the edge
denying a bitter end

we're standing together on the edge like ready to burn
we're staring at each other, fade along the days we're fading
denying a bitter end

i've had enough of your fucking bullshit
to relive each of these lies
hand in hand, like two liars
i swear, sometimes, i'd rather be dead
just like this hole in my heart
my pain keeps growing like it used to
how could you let this be?
oh how could you let this be?
what have we got left except this long silence?
we're fading out as the night falls down
what have we got left expect this fucking distance that is standing right between us?

our fucking dance is endless
i'd rather watch us fucking burn

is this where all is ending?
cause i don't wanna leave right now you know..
don't let the night in
can't seem to stop the bleeding
just can't pretend i got this in control
you should have seen it coming
i don't wanna feel the comedown
just wanna feel it bite and burn me whole
and watch me fade into the flames
i'm only going nowhere
or straight into the fucking wall
can't you feel?

can't prove me wrong
just kill this now
i wanna see what will survive
just say you'll try and swear it on my life
even if deep down we both know you lie

tell me this life is harmless
while it's skinning me to the bones
looking me straight in the eyes
when it is stealing my breath
tell me the scars will make sense
when the wounds are way too deep
don't let me believe that it's gonna end like this

this feeling is like a fire
rushing in these veins
keeping me alive when your eyes are on me
i can't escape these colors
you designed inside of my brain
when you let the lights in

can anybody stay here?
don't really wanna sleep right now, you know...
don't let the night in
i wanna keep believing
this will all make sense somehow
let me feel

can't prove me wrong
just kill this now
i wanna see what will survive
just say you'll try and swear it on my life
even if deep down we both know you lie

tell me this life is harmless
while it's skinning me to the bones
looking me straight in the eyes
when it is stealing my breath
tell me the scars will make sense
when the wounds are way too deep
don't let me believe that it's gonna end like this

i stand here and sometimes
my words don't make sense
like they only fade away
and disappear beneath the voice of my own silence
but you keep me breathing
and right here i feel alive..
you've always been the brighter part of me
the brighter part of me
the brighter part of me

this feeling is like a fire
rushing in these veins
keeping me alive when your eyes are on me
i can't escape these colors
you designed inside of my brain
when you let the lights in

i can't escape these colors
when you let the lights in
i can't escape these colors
when you let the lights in

there's more to life than what could ever meet the eyes
so don't take a step back
the crowd's wild, and i'm ready to feed them
they need this, a big mess
i'll keep spitting in this mic 'till the feast's end
i'm stressed out, but i breathe here
oh i could die for this

can you hear me loud and clear now? clear now
why can't you sing along?
sing your fucking heart out
i'm sure you'll make it out alive
you'll make it out.alive

this place is all we have, here and now
i'd like to live this forever. forever
i want to feel the ground once the bottle sounds hollow
the show is over

this is all i'll ever have i guess
this is all i've got to light my way
and those moments are priceless
i can't forget the miles, i walked
i can't forget a single step
since i left the warmth of a "home"

i'm so tired to see that i have been mislead
it was a long road 'round the core
when your eyes devour me
i think that my only will is to simply look alive
.cause i feel dead when i'm out

i can't bear my heartbeats in my chest
and my mind is such a deep mess
i can't stand to see
this fucking disaster the world made of me
i'm so sick

i'm just a man, a son of this pitiful world
i can't feel the touch on my skin unless it burns

am i alive?

can you hear me loud and clear now? clear now
why can't you sing along?
sing your fucking heart out
i'm sure you'll make it out alive
you'll make it out.alive

this place is all we have, here and now
i'd like to live this forever. forever
i want to feel the ground once the bottle sounds hollow
the show is over
this place is all we've got here and now
it's time to let us be
can you hear me loud and clear?
it's time to let us live

i left behind me the comfort of a normal life
traded it all for my sake
i never questioned my choice, or even felt that i should
it's always crystal-clear
i spent more time in this room to write all this
than with my family and all my friends
i traded my everything
to feel free to walk my own path
i won't be the one who forget his dreams
i'll make sure to remember them
i'll take a glance at the earth
when i'll be on the roofs of the world
the dream will be mine
for now i wanna be the one who lead his life
i might have took the longest way to leave my dream
but every miles will bring me closer to it
i'll build it all of my bare hands
will follow the sun on its journey
i wanna tame this heart which is mine
feel that i'm leading my life
i hold the key in my hands
i left behind me the comfort of a normal life
traded it all for my sake i never felt a regret
i never questioned my choice, or even felt that i should
it's always crystal-clear
these lines that i write are the mirror of my soul
like a letter to this kid who played alone
now... this kid do feel like a man
he bear the weight of his dreams
stands just before your eyes
he found a meaning at his life
he wanna know...
he wanna know what this life can bring him
he wanna know where this road will lead
so take him away and show him places he'd never seen
i remember the promise that i have made to myself
the kid i was has grown up, but all his dreams stayed the same
the souvenirs of his words linger inside of my head
it's like crystal-clear
this is us versus the fate
i wanna know...
i wanna know what this damn life can be
i wanna see where the road will lead
so take me away and show me these places i've never seen
i left behind me the comfort of a normal life
traded it all for my sake
i

i'm not the greatest writer
oh, i'm not the greatest, no
i'm not perfect, not even novelist
this time you better listen up
oh, life have barely changed
twenty-two, still pissed
plenty of shits in the backpack
and nikes on my feet
many pieces are missing since i came back home
i can't deal with my own life
i'm incomplete
another empty wreck, shit
i'm just the shell of a man which is absent
i'm wearing his skin but i'm partially vacant
what i have is far from being gold
but i write open-hearted, my balls in the inkwell
fuck it, i'm done with swallowing bullshit
since hitting it off has become an addiction
i needed more than these words going nowhere
to show you that my life is not such a poem
some black clouds will get so much bigger
no matter how lucky i am
i've never learned how to live with the thunder
my heart is a lightning rod
and i'm walking under a thunderstorm
mesmerized by the lights
with my eyes half shut
i do live through these lines
writing this song just to say what i got to
i need much more than these words
just to show you that it's a struggle
to be able to believe in this life
i write with my heart open
even if it can be so callous
just listen, this heartbeat have so much to say
i just can't keep it in
i just won't keep it in
i'm not the greatest writer
and this isn't the greatest song
i'm not perfect, not even novelist
i'm not saint, i'm not a fucking prophet
fuck this, i'm just drifting
i keep moving pushed by the movement
i'm still trying to pull the strings of my fucking life
oh, you can keep the pain
the fame, the money and the whores
cause i'm a body-shaped shell in a sorry state

i've become a shadow amongst the shadows of your conscience
another fucking blood stain on these walls
oh i've been lost for too long within this garden of concrete
into this hell that your eyes have always been reflecting
you stand alone amongst the statues of these corridors
you're dwelling with a phantom between hell and home
oh i'm no one to you
a stranger that calls for the rain
i held on for nothing
you don't seem to see me
you don't even speak to me anymore
still thinking about just leaving and walking straight out the fucking door
a stranger, figment imaginated
detail in haze, a ghost without the face and..
what, you ain't got no time for me now to be around
love you from a distance the second i left
you see me now
check, is that it
mad, it's aristocratic
glass inhabits
for the feeling it missed i'm shattered
fuck it our frequency never matched
i never felt so attached
in a black dormant heart i will react
and i ain't got no time for you to feel
time for you to heal
time for you to see me through
this could be us but i know it's just you
this could be us but i know it's just you
now you would trade your soul
for a fucking day out of your skin
to get away from this house
where you have to face what you look like
you hate yourself
'cause you're a passerby in the life of your loved ones
aren't you sick to act like you're fine?
oh i'm no one to you
a stranger that calls for the rain
i held on for nothing
you don't seem to see me

those heartfelt feelings that i got
are getting a hold of me
i gotta let them be
and this is why i need to tell you the things that i feel
how much it means to me
how much it counts to me

you were into my heart before it locked itself
you're all i can save from the shallowness
you're the key of my soul
but my soul is lost when love's a door that we fear to leave unlocked

even the worst we've lived could never change my mind
you're bringing back the pulse in my veins
you've seen the the back of my mind
but now it's hard to mean something

i found this fire burning into your breast
this love has never been much brighter than what i could guess
the things we've lacked could have changed us for a better version of ourselves

no matter what they can say or the price we might have to pay for this
they can't change the way that i feel
the way that i feel when you're away

there is always a way to cross all the miles
that will pave our fate
we just can't change
and the world can stop
i won't give a fuck
cause i've got something that counts
and i will never let it leave

they spit the venom, i gotta take it out
love is a hushed bird you shouldn't cast out
well if it's meaning a break, they shouldn't have lied
shouldn't have spent a whole night riding a fat ass
i can't feel a remorse, i can't have time to find why you're that addictive
'cause a sad heart cannot fake feelings
it's not the first time that love is dead living

it makes me sick, cause all of the mistakes we've done were meant to make our path
snakes will keep spitting, but we remain faithful to our beliefs

i'm so tired of these shits, no matter what
and how many times we've to rebuild on ruins
a structure that can hold us closely

no matter what they say or the price we might have to pay for this
they can't change the way i feel, they can't
nor your place in my heart when you're next to me

even the worst we've lived could never change my mind
you're bringing back the pulse in my veins
you've seen the back of my mind
but now it's hard to mean something
i found this fire burning into your breast
this love has never been much brighter than what i could guess
the things we've lacked could have changed us for a better version of ourselves

the winter has passed, i was hoping you'd hold on through those nights in the cold
you don't know how much i'm hollow, how much i miss you
the summer is coming, i'm awaiting the day when i can finally take you home
'cause this time i'm gonna show you how much i love you

we all live different hells. some might live with but some just can't
so why should i live a different way ?
yes, a different way
already twenty years have passed and i still can't live at ease
oh, come on, fuck it
they claim the fame, but all they give is a spit at our faces when they're playing their bullshits
what does it takes ? what does it takes you to forget your pride ?
what does it cost ? what does it cost you to pay the price ? yeah!
oh fuck!
it's not only a game based on what you reflect to others. although they want it to be
i can swear to you that i am probably the most blamed because i shout those fucks i lived
fuck your false feelings, your appearance, 'cause the best are often the most rotten inside
so i'll put the truth right in front of your eyes, right in front of your heart
fuck your false feelings cause the worst are the brighter inside
i'll put the truth right in front of your eyes until they dry from the inside out
i'm gonna prove you that we're all dying to make a place down here
we're all dying to make a place down here
it's not only a game based on what you reflect to others
although they want it to be
i can swear to you that i am probably the most blamed because i shout those fucks i lived
fuck your false feelings, your appearance, 'cause the best are often the most rotten inside
so i'll put the truth right in front of your eyes, right in front of your hearts
already twenty years have passed and i still can live at ease
oh, come on, fuck it
they've made the game, but all the need is a spit at their faces when they play their shits
we all live different hells. some may live with but some just can't
so why should live a different way ? yes, a different way

and you are a garden, entwined with all
you are the silence on sacred shores
you've got diamonds for teeth, my love
so take a bite of me, just once, i want to
turn the page once again, oh
take a bite

this is a giving, an offering
in your favour, a sacrifice in your name
but i know you've got a taste
so just take a bite of me
turn the page once again, oh

give in again and let me lay
my arms belong around you
so take a bite, i want to know
i want to

take a bite
take a bite

you say you won't begin again
capitulate and let me in
'cause i am a fire, and you are dry as bone
you are taking your time
you are killing me slow
and i know we instigate
go back and forth
lacerate
'cause you can remember only when you're alone
i am granting you more than the debt that i owe

'cause i look for scarlet and you look for ultraviolet
and we are exhausted by all this pretending
we just can't resist the violence
and you need a melody, i only need the silence
but each time we battle
the blood and the fury takes us a little higher

with all that you believe
you still refuse to shelter me
'cause i am a danger, and you're a long way from home
you are one among many, but you're now on your own
and i hate the way you look at me when i am not understood
'cause you can remember only when you're alone
i am granting you more than the debt that i owe

you won't begin again
you won't begin again
you won't begin again
you won't begin again

'cause i look for scarlet and you look for ultraviolet
and we are exhausted by all this pretending
we just can't resist the violence
and you need a melody, i only need the silence
but each time we battle
the blood and the fury takes us a little higher

the debt that i owe
the debt that i owe
the debt that i owe
the debt that i owe
the debt that i owe
the debt that i owe

the debt that i owe

stand under the stained glass and i will know it's you
the whites of your eyes burn from across the room

and i'm not here to be the saviour you long for
only the one you don't
are you watching me with eyes of a predator
as you move towards the door?

show me those pretty white jaws
show me where the delicate stops
show me what you've lost
and why you're always taking it slow
show me what wounds you've got
show me love
show me those pretty white jaws
show me where the delicate stops
show me what you've lost
and why you're always taking it slow
show me what wounds you've got
show me love, oh

oh, and i, i believe
we are locked
caged and always provoked
by prey left unattended

and i'm not here to be the saviour you long for
only the one you don't
are you watching me with eyes of a predator
as you move towards the door?
oh, oh, oh

show me those pretty white jaws
show me where the delicate stops
show me what you've lost
and why you're always taking it slow
show me what wounds you've got
show me love
show me those pretty white jaws
show me where the delicate stops
show me what you've lost
and why you're always taking it slow
show me what wounds you've got
show me love
show me those pretty white jaws
show me where the delicate stops
show me what you've lost
and why you're always taking it slow
show me what wounds you've got
show me love, oh

when you live
by daylight
with angels
at your side
in order now
bestowed by
the light of
the sunrise

and you remember everything
only till the sun recedes once again

and the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven

the whites of your eyes
turn black in the lowlight
in turning divine
we tangle endlessly
like lovers entwined
i know for the last time
you will not be mine
so give me the night, the night, the night

the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven
the night comes down like heaven the whites of your eyes
the night comes down like heaven turn black in the lowlight
the night comes down like heaven in turning divine
the night comes down like heaven we tangle endlessly

where i was raised, there was no street lights
just pitch black and 
passing headlights
and where we met, there must have been dark signs
omens in your skies

most days you reach for safety
remain calm, forget that you know me
and when we met i could see dark signs
alarm bells in your eyes

and i miss the man i was
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
the moment we left off

i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody

and i hate who i have become
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
every time i wake up
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody

and if you saw the marks on my dashboard
the new scars that i didn't ask for
and would you call asking for answers?
tear my arms off

and most days you reach for safety
remain calm, forget that you know me
when we met i could see dark signs
alarm bells in your eyes

and i miss the man i was
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
the moment we left off
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
and i hate who i have become
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
every time i wake up
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
and i miss the man i was
the moment we left off
and i hate who i have become
every time i wake up

i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
when we met, i could see dark signs
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
when we met, i could see dark signs, oh
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
when we met, i could see dark signs, oh
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
when we met, i could see dark signs
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
when we met, i could see dark signs
i won't break and bend to my basic need to be loved and close to somebody
when we met...

and you play a twisted little game
but i know in a way
you need to complicate it
believe that though we never eat
we still know how to feed
we still know how to bleed, oh

sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now

my arms keep you in the room
barely let you move
show me what you do, oh
tonight, we're second guessed again
let me wrap the chains
addicted to the pain

sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now

do you wanna see how far it goes?
do you wanna test me now, my love?
you must be crazy if you think i will give in so easily
things we buried low
coming to the surface now, my love
you must be crazy if you think that i will give up the game
oh, whoa

sugar, i've got a taste for you now
sugar, i've got a taste for you now
sugar, i've got a taste for you now
sugar, i've got a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now
sugar, i've developed a taste for you now

and i'll see you when the wrath comes
knocking on your bedroom door with money
building you a kingdom
dripping from the open mouth, i'll show you
what you look like, from the inside
and i'll see you when the wrath comes
around

tonight, tonight, tonight you have the answer
tonight, tonight, tonight you have the answer

let's load the gun
make her eat the tape in the bathroom mirror
see if she can guess what
a hollow point does to a naked body
let's fuck her up
manifest pain at the core of pleasure
i'll see you when the wrath comes
around

tonight, tonight, tonight you have the answer
tonight, tonight, tonight you have the answer

oh, let's load the gun
i won't be missing you, i won't be missing you
oh, let's load the gun
i won't be missing you, i won't be missing you
oh, let's load the gun
i won't be missing you, i won't be missing you
oh, let's load the gun
see you when the wrath comes, see you when the wrath comes
i won't be missing you, i won't be missing you
oh, let's load the gun
see you when the wrath comes, i won't be missing you

i want to roll the numbers
i want to feel my stars align again
even if the earth breaks like burnt skin
and the heavens just won't open up for me
would you invite me in again?
won't you pay for your arrogance?
won't you show me your weakness?

i made loving you a blood sport
i made loving you a blood sport
i made loving you a blood sport
i can't win
i made loving you a blood sport
i made loving you a blood sport
i made loving you a blood sport
i can't win
so let's play

and somewhere
somewhere the atoms stopped fusing
i'm still your favourite regret
you're still my weapon of choosing
and out there
stuck in a quantum pattern
tangled with what i never said
you say it doesn't matter
i want to be forgiven
i want to choke up chunks of my own sins
even if the sky cracks in mourning
and the heavens just won't open up for me
would you invite me in again?
let me pay for my arrogance?
won't you show me your weakness?

i made loving you a blood sport
i made loving you a blood sport
i made loving you a blood sport
i can't win
i made loving you a blood sport
i made loving you a blood sport
i made loving you a blood sport
i can't win

and somewhere
somewhere the atoms stopped fusing
i'm still your favourite regret
you're still my weapon of choosing
and out there
stuck in a quantum pattern
tangled with what i never said
you say it doesn't matter

i can lift you up
your body is mostly blood
like water, a perfect flood
engulfing me again, oh
and i can tell you won't
remember my cracking bones
the trauma we can't regrow
just as you leave again, no

will you levitate
up where the angels inhabit?
will you levitate
where i won't reach you?

and we imitate
a story of perfect days
a ballad we fabricate
as you forget your words again, oh
and is that all you need
to merely pretend to be
falling in love with me?
forgetting the agony again, oh

will you levitate
up where the angels inhabit?
will you levitate
where i won't reach you?
will you levitate
up where my love doesn't matter?
will you levitate
where i won't reach you?

will you levitate?
will you levitate?
will you levitate?

i see the gods avert their gaze from me
my fucking form is but a wreck beneath them
and there are always people i can call on
it's all so easy for me

no more taking chances
no more teeth to bite with
no more smiling faces
i am alone again

you wanna talk?
you wanna talk it out?
'cause the joke's on me and i'm laughing too
you want to watch me bleed?
'cause i bleed so well
it's all so easy for me

eternally, eternally
do you like the way it feels?
like fire from the heavens
carving past the surface into you
do you like the way it feels?
like fire from the heavens
tearing me asunder beside you

it's all so easy for me
it's all so easy for me

wait
won't you wait for me?
don't you bathe in rivers?
don't you feel alive?
and when i see you waking up
and it sends me shivers
how you love like weapons kill

so take aim
at me for once
just take aim
break me apart

call
won't you call out my name?
like a curse on this world?
like a battle cry?
and you make me hate myself
make me tear my body
make me yearn for your embrace

so take aim
at me for once
just take aim
break me apart, love
won't you?

you led me on when the moment is perfect
i will fire and forget till we both lay broken
and you know i'll be yours
just want to be worth it
i will run like the wind till you follow me again

i am caught, tangled in
wrapped and quartered
tripping up and over
time lived again
for just a moment
missing pieces find me
i sweat and i ache for
your eyes and the way you breathe
and i wake, saying your name
and i wake, saying your name
you are more than warm belief
melting skywards
more than silence broken
i'm whole again
for just a moment
'til the morning comes
and i wake, saying your name
and i wake, saying your name
oh, she said you'd better believe it
i said you don't know
oh, you said you'd better believe it
i said you don't even know
time lived again for just a moment
missing pieces find me
and i'm whole again for just a moment
missing pieces find me
time lived again for just a moment
missing pieces find me
and i'm whole again, whole again, whole again

you take the dark and carve me out a home
i picture you when you are all alone
i know how we got here
i know how we got here
i am the shadow, you're a passenger
i am the intake of breath so sharp and i know you better
just want to know you better

if you want to give
then give me all that you can give
all your darkest impulses
and if you want to give me anything, then give
give in again

i'll tear the fibre from the filament
i'll be the limit of your light again
i want to taste you better
i want to taste you better
i will be watching for your enemies
to let them know that they contend with me
i want to know you're out there
i want to know you're out there

if you want to give
then give me all that you can give
all your darkest impulses and
if you want to give me anything
then give, give in again
i just want to give
want to give you all that i can give
all my darkest impulses
if you want to give me anything, then give
give in again

in this open warfare
i won't fight fair
no, i won't fight fair
and in your waking moments
i will be there
i will be there

if you want to give
then give me all that you can give
all your darkest impulses
and if you want to give me anything, then give
give in again
i just want to give
want to give you all that i can give
all my darkest impulses
if you want to give me anything, then give
give in again

is that a word you said, my love
or just a gesture in tongues?
well, i live to guess your sorrow
and you live to empty my lungs
and you've got me up in a frenzy again
and i know you're planning to leave in the end

won't you say that you will?
let the impulse to love
and the instinct to kill
entangle to one
in this light you are mine
till the sweat turns to blood
won't you say that you will
even if you won't?

oh, is that a glint in your eye?
is that a blade in your palm?
well, i am yours tonight
so will you lay in my arms?
you've got me up in a frenzy again
i know you're planning to leave in the end

won't you say that you will?
let the impulse to love
and the instinct to kill
entangle to one
in this light you are mine
till the sweat turns to blood
won't you say that you will
even if you won't?
won't you say that you will?
let the impulse to love
and the instinct to kill
entangle to one
in this light you are mine
till the sweat turns to blood
won't you say that you will
even if you won't?

you've got me up in a frenzy again
you've got me up in a frenzy again
you've got me up in a frenzy again
you've got me up in a frenzy again
you've got me up in a frenzy again
you've got me up in a frenzy again

tread, ancient water salt
like i
sink, down like precious stones
until i wake i, dine on old encounters
until
you taste like new flesh
you taste like new flesh
you taste like new flesh
say my name again
fold, secrets in the sweat
like i
swallow, years beneath this bed
until i wake i, dine on old encounters
until
there's something in the way you lay
enough to make the dead switch graves
you take your leave
you taste like new flesh
you taste like new flesh
you taste like new flesh
say my name again
say my name again
my hands are not worthy
my hands are not worthy until i wake i, dine on old encounters
my hands are not worthy until i wake i, dine on old encounters
my hands are not worthy until i wake i, dine on old encounters
my hands are not worthy until i wake i, dine on old encounters
until i wake i, dine on old encounters
until i wake i, dine on old encounters
until i wake i, dine on old encounters
until i wake i, until i wake i

and i know
the angels tonight are
as lost for words
and i am
to merely
behold you
as we lie down together

drag me under again
deep into your love, oh

and i know
the gods will
abandon the heavens just to find us
to merely
behold you
as we lie down together

drag me under again
deep into your love, oh

and i know pull me
the angels tonight are beneath the
suffering surface
and i am deep
to merely in
behold you to your love
as we lie down together

when it rains, you don't take shelter
you don't take signs from god
and when you can't swallow your demons, you become starving
darling, i'm noticing your flaws
they're exactly what i want
even if you won't believe me
know it

and as you become part of my waking rituals, i can tell
you gather up all of my demons
you become starving
darling, i'm noticing my flaws
and i'm matching them with yours
won't you take me where you're going
this time

and no matter the cost of rain
i will shelter you all the same
and no matter the cost of rain
i will shelter you all the same

and now and then i notice you laughing
laughing at perfect death
then you change, suddenly hollow
you become starving
darling, we must have met before
though i could not say for sure if we knew what we were in for

and no matter the cost of rain, woah
i will shelter you all the same
and no matter the cost of rain
i will shelter you all the same, yeah
and no matter the cost of rain
i will shelter you all the same, woah
and no matter the cost of rain
i will shelter you all the same

we are not young enough to know
how to sit and say nothing like we would
and you are too tired to control
how you look like you feel, like you should

and you think i don't notice
the way that you were
and act like you don't feel it
the way that you were
and you barely believe it
the way that you were

and i am so ready
to tear that knife from what once
would have been dead fingers
lying blue against the floor
and you will no longer
stand between collapsing walls
wearing a smile
like you can't bear it anymore

come on, tear off the bandage
the way that you were
and with pain as your language
the way that you were
will you show me the damage?
the way that you were
no, oh

well, how much did they hurt you?
the way that you were
and how much did they break you?
the way that you were
and how far did they take you?
the way that you were

you will never be the same
no, never, ah
you will never be the same
no, never, ah
you will never be the same
no, never, ah
ah, ah, no, ah, ah

the daylight recedes
in unison, this room
buries the hours
like death, in motion
nobody else can pull me out
the fields of elation, quiet and loamy

your name is a sin
i breathe, like oxygen
caught in the careless
arms, of lust again
nobody else can pull me out
the fields of elation, quiet and loamy

and nobody else can pull me out
the fields of elation, quiet and loamy
and nobody else can pull me out
the fields of elation, quiet and loamy

i'm losing my faith in our lives apart
i'm losing my faith in our lives apart
i'm losing my faith in our lives apart
i'm losing my faith in our lives apart

bury me inside this
labyrinth bed
we can feel that time is
dilated
we can spend the night in
fascination
you can thread the needle
time and time again
you turn the lights down
come on and find out
you turn the lights down
come on and find out
something to confide in
something to erase
just look at where we're lying
an invisible space
we can spend the night in
fascination
you can thread the needle
time and time again
you turn the lights down
come on and find out
you turn the lights down
come on and find out

all out of exits, all out of enemies
you built this prison and buried the key

i've given up on giving in
temptation mocks me from a distance
but i won't let it, win
this thin facade could never last
like a snake that sheds its skin
illusions shatter like glass
the sceptic inside me believes what he knows
cynically silent but with nothing to show
the devil beside me is whispering doubt in my ear
i'll keep pretending not to hear

so here i am for what it's worth
i spilled my blood against the earth
just to see the world in colour
 the world in colour

dead; left for dead and left to rot
a tainted memory, an empty afterthought
i'd lay my whole life on the line just to see this through
if it consumes me, let the script upon my tomb read:
i found my love and let it kill me

i found my love and let it, kill, me

"beg and plead, your own ambition brought you to your knees
beg and plead, you built this prison, and buried the key"

a momentary lapse, the colours fade to grey...
as if the world we knew was never meant to be...
i know i'll pay for my mistakes
just promise me you'll take
take my word and take my everything

so here i am for what it's worth
i spilled my blood against the earth
just to see the world in colour
 the world in colour
so give me all you came here for
give me hell and give me war
i'll be waiting for an answer

i found my love and let it kill, me

heavy hangs the air
heavy lies the beating heart

bloodshot, staring with a blank gaze
deadbeat, carrying a dead weight
dead-set on living like tomorrow was to blame
and through these holes you'd see the blackest soul inside of me
one foot stuck in the past, one planted in my grave

running circles, old habits die hard
each lesson learned never seemed to get too far
call me reckless, call me stuck in my ways
i'm torn between the remedies for everything

bloodshot, staring with a blank gaze
deadbeat, carrying a dead weight
dry mouth, taste it like a cut vein
blackout, it all ends the same

so stay away, stay away
can you tell when i lie right through my teeth?
no escape, no escape
like a chain, in a way we are all bound to our fate

don't let it bury me, me
we call this therapy

running circles, old habits die hard
each lesson learned never seemed to get too far
call me reckless, call me stuck in my ways
i'm torn between the remedies for everything

heavy hangs the air
heavy lies the beating heart
burden breeds remorse
black clouds hover low like a curse
like a curse

running circles, old habits die hard 
running circles
each lesson learned never seemed to get too far 
never seemed to get too far
call me reckless, call me stuck in my ways 
call me reckless
i'm torn between the remedies for everything 
the remedies for everything

i'm torn between the remedies for everything
i'm torn between the remedies for everything

this is a place i know too well
been down here a while if you can't tell
and i have analysed and tried my best to justify
the sorrow i have brought upon myself

am i addicted to the misery? is this how i'll always be?
grinding the salt into every wound
am i in love with all my ailments, glutton for punishment?
you can't trust me to be there for you

i thought i had this, i thought i had this all figured out
you'd think i'd learned from all the shit i fucking screamed about
when there was sun, i couldn't see for the clouds
still climbing the walls of this well just to dive back down
until i reached my rock bottom
down to the marrow, bringing up the bad blood i'd forgotten
is it me that's making me sick?
been burning both ends of the wick

am i addicted to the misery? is this how i'll always be?
grinding the salt into every wound
am i in love with all my ailments, glutton for punishment?
you can't trust me to be there for you
i've got this cold black silhouette hanging like a marionette
casting a shadow, a shade over me
just a sick, sad, sorry mess, living like a masochist
your worst impressions were right about me
your worst impressions were right about me
your worst impressions were right

i could ask you to stay if you're feeling forgiving
i could live with the guilt if you call this living
i could try to memorise each grain of sand
as it slips through my fingers and falls from my hands
it took me longer than i'd care to admit
this life is only what i choose to make of it
and the only thing standing in between happiness and myself
was this depression i held so close to my chest

am i addicted to the misery? is this how i'll always be?
grinding the salt into every wound
am i in love with all my ailments, glutton for punishment?
you can't trust me to be there for you
i've got this cold black silhouette hanging like a marionette
casting a shadow, a shade over me
just a sick, sad, sorry mess, living like a masochist
your worst impressions were right about me

wasting a waning youth
waiting for something to help me pull through
i never saw the sun through the clouds
i lost faith when the skies were falling down

when we were young and indifferent
we could not have known
this world will chew you up and spit you out on your own believe me
i know it hurts, it hurts me
to just to watch you sinking
i can't help thinking

was there something holding you back?
what's the weight of the world on your back?
so long, you're sick of the gravity?
is there someone telling you no?
do you wander with nowhere to go?
what are you waiting, oh, what are you waiting for?

i'm reaching out please take my hand
the water is getting higher and i can't understand
why i can't pull you in
do you even care, do you even want me there?

we are the victims
just like our parents taught us to be
roots planted firmly but we fell so far from the tree
and still we cling to the past with an iron grip
as we all fall fast asleep
dreaming of security
the chance to redefine
the years we wasted living on borrowed time

my will is spent, i used the very last drop
trying to keep my head on straight enough
i know it hurts, it hurts to feel it all slip right past you
i just want to ask you

was there something holding you back?
have you had to cover your tracks
so long, you lost your identity?
is there something dragging you down
crippled under the weight of the crown
what are you waiting, oh, what are you waiting for
what are you waiting for?

i'm reaching out please take my hand
the water is getting higher and i can't understand
why i can't pull you in
do you even care, do you even want me there?
for all of our differences
i always said i'd be there if you should come undone
it took all i had in me
do you even care, do you even want me there?
do you even want me there?

there are ghosts in every window
and they'll follow you back home
but if you stay a moment
i can tell you all i know
of how these times have changed us
how they bring us to our knees
how they send us down the crooked path
divide us temporarily

i'm reaching out please take my hand
the water is getting higher and i can't understand
why i can't pull you in
do you even care, do you even want me there?

i swear i'm sorry, i swear i'll do better
i never thought we'd have to carry this weight together
this is contagion, a plague that i bear
and it kills me to say that i really need you here

before we knew what we were missing
before we felt desire's sting
we were content with what we had
and never wanted for anything

we, know, it's futile to compare
our culture was the culprit, we were taken unaware

manifest the weakness, a self-fulfilling prophecy
undermining every insecurity

it's a fear growing deeper when no one's around
like a nagging aching sore
the devil's in the detail, the truth inconsequential
the idle mind is scrutinized and robbed of its potential in time
begging for redemption
pleading for solutions

we know we never should have had this cross to bear
our culture was the culprit, we were taken unaware

we've been led to think we needed more
resenting who we are
only to find that we were better off, better off before
before we bought what we were sold
before we tried to fit the mold
we've been chasing false perfection
searching in the wrong direction
this is the crux of our corruption
drawn into social seduction

manifest the weakness, a self-fulfilling prophecy
undermining every insecurity

to fan the flame, to watch your pride burn away
to reinforce the fear that taught us that we're never good enough

we've been chasing false perfection
searching in the wrong direction
this is the crux of our corruption
drawn into social seduction

i waited for the dawn
i waited for the edge of daybreak
this sinking feeling is keeping me awake
is keeping me awake
i know what lies beneath this waking dream
and what becomes of all our demons
i know i'm suffering in vain
it's just this ordinary life
all the ordinary stress and strain
but when it rains, it fucking pours all over me
no time, no time for anything
no time, no time for anyone
nights spent staring down the barrel defiantly
self-destructive, self-contradicting
every waking moment begins again
endlessly, my mind is slowly wandering and i'm
far away, i found my way right back to here in time
restlessly await the dawn and shut out all the light
drift away; it's only you tonight
every waking moment
watch the clock hands count down from dusk to day
overwhelming, over analyzing me
endlessly, my mind is slowly wondering and i'm
far away, i found my way right back to here in time
restlessly await the dawn and shut out all the light
drift away; it's only you tonight
it's only you tonight

i could sit and watch in silence
as the space grows in between
returns me to a grim serenity
but every breath i breathe i crave it
the solemn slow surrender
the bitter pill to medicate me, sedate me

but the days are getting longer
i can feel it slip away
feel it slip away
the poison in my head's become the poison in my veins
wake me when it's over, i'm dying to believe
dying to believe
i've never felt as lonely as i do when you're here with me

the vultures hover: persistent disease
nine circles deep, we try to sleep
eyes opened wide in disbelief
i'm nothing more than a sedentary waste of space and air
a disappointment to myself, to you and everybody else
too strung out to ever face
how i long to fucking leave this place
i know you'll be there beside me
if i could tear down the walls between us
tear down the walls between us
there could be something here to hold
something that's worth salvaging, that i could not let go
i know, this chemical delay
can't be the only thing that brings me clarity

but the days are getting longer
i can feel it slip away
feel it slip away
the poison in my head's become the poison in my veins
wake me when it's over, i'm dying to believe
dying to believe
i've never felt as lonely as i do when you're here with me

would you still be there beside me?
if i could tear down the walls between us
tear down the walls between us

i've got a bone to pick with fate
'cause fortune's failed me as of late
and thrown me in too deep
i've lost the plot from losing so much sleep

oh, can you tell me, can you tell me how to save my soul?
sometimes i wish the ground would open up and swallow me whole
no cure for the lethargy
overflowing nervous energy
just can't be left alone
wear me down to skin and bone skin and bone
'cause i'm cocked like a shotgun lock it and load
i've got a bone to pick with everyone hand me the rope
it's been an endless vicious cycle of this

i've been up, i've been down every day
i've been thinking, am i always gonna be this way?
tell me, am i a man or machine?
a slave to substance or a slave to routine? yeah

save my soul
can't stop me, can't stop me crawling down this rabbit hole mercy
save my soul
oh, can you tell that i can't tell you who i am anymore?

count me in, pull the pin, and i'm ready to go
do you feel like you're free when you lose control?
no heaven above without a hell below
what's your worth on the earth if you sell your soul?
i'm only here because it's harder to feel than to numb what is real
but i know by now that this state of mind is just a waste of time
and it's turning me inside-out

say you'll miss me when i'm gone
just to keep me hanging on
till the bitter end

here we go again
i've been up, i've been down every day
something tells me i was always gonna be this way
we all need something to take off the edge
a little medicine, a week in a hospital bed

this is my lost cause state of mind
i hear them coming and i'm running out of time

at the mantle of the heart, a river flows inside
we drain ourselves in steady streams until the river runs dry
at times these tides define us, deny us of ourselves
a finite source of optimism that leaves a hollow shell
and as the seasons pass and winter's numbing cold gives way to pain
we light these fires to sit beside as we pray like hell for rain
but when the night grows cold
and when the fire fades
at the hour before the dawn, the last embers burn till day
it's all i hang my hope upon
you can't take that away from me

every morning in the mirror i see
my worst enemy reflected in me
'cause i'm a born unbeliever, a cynical soul
i can only trust as far as i see

but every time i close my eyes
i'm who i used to be who i used to be
i never thought i'd feel so cold
until the fire faded out in me

i've never felt so cold

such sacrifice for so little to show
to learn these lessons i never wanted to know
that we will all die alone
and how my blood remains on the tip of the blade as it severs the flesh from the bone
so far beyond the below
i was there when they sowed the seed
i was there when the rats came out to feed
and when the rain came
it extinguished the flame in me

as i slept, the seeds of doubt were sown
i tore my heart apart for this, in hopes my light would grow
and i dreamt about a place where all our virtue could withstand
i woke in fright
appalled to find the blood was on my hands

but every time i close my eyes
i'm who i used to be who i used to be
i never thought i'd feel so cold
until the fire faded out in me

i've never felt so cold

this is a fall from grace
can't bear the aftertaste
as you swallow all your pride
are you satisfied?
are you satisfied?

every day like a broken record
every night is a pointless prayer for change
no reprieve
no peace, no release for your middle class rage
everybody wants to sell you something
everybody wants a piece of your mind
bite your tongue and let the crowd speak for you
head like a hole and a heart like a landmine

hey, hey
is it any wonder that we end up this way?
hey, hey
born with a crisis of identity
hey, hey
is it any wonder that this happens all the time?
got a head like a hole and a heart like a landmine

time hits like a freight train
no paycheck can pay back the lost years spent ruminating
just pain to be gained from your common sense fears
everybody's wasting away here
watch us bloom and decay

cast to the side cast to the side
no one heard you choking as you
swallowed your pride swallowed your pride
you say you're happy, but are you satisfied?

no restitution until you understand
this world that left you cold
will feed you shit till you bite the fucking hand

so tell me where it hurts, if it hurts to be you
if it hurts to be used and abused
if you know where you don't want to be
all the heavy-hearted, sing this with me

hey, hey
is it any wonder that we end up this way?
hey, hey
born with a crisis of identity
hey, hey
is it any wonder that this happens every day?
are we cursed and condemned to a life of misery?

tell me where it hurts, if it hurts to be you
if it hurts to be used and abused
if you know where you don't want to be
all the heavy-hearted, sing this with me
hey, hey
all the heavy-hearted sing this with me
hey, hey
cursed and condemned to a life of misery

look at yourself
narrow of mind, shallow of breath
so far removed from the plight
so far removed from the death of your kin, down-trodden and ill
oh so high as you stood, how heavy you fell
as so many will fall for the bait
compassion too little, too late
for some small peace of mind
how can you walk on the bones of your brothers' broken homes
knowing how karma's cold hand grips at your throat?

i've been trapped beneath the soil and the dirt
do i close my eyes? do i close my eyes?
lying still beneath the burden and the hurt
am i dead inside? did i make it right?
left in the dark, in blackest oblivion
only forced me to learn that light comes from within
and only fades where fear prevails

where is your heart?
does it grow weaker each time you think of those you scorned from afar?
their voices rise from the wreck to call you by name
the blood that tarnished the brush will mark us the same
what have we done?
what have we done?

can you fight this, can you fight this alone and abandoned?
look where we've landed and know
this must all have a consequence
nothing, nothing will make sense again
you'll never rest peacefully
you'll never rest peacefully
you'll never rest peacefully

you cowards, you cowards, you left them for dead
left them out in the cold, they said
you liars, backstabbers, sold out your own kind
i can't turn a blind eye, can't rewind

i know i said i'm not worth saving, i know you tried before
i always knew you grew to hate the parts of me i hated more
just cut me up, stitch me back together
rearrange the pieces, build me up to tear me down
you look at me like a stranger
you look at me like a stranger
you look at me like a long lost son
oh dearest mother, you gave me my name
i asked for nothing, you asked for me to change
with imperfection we're already stained
and when it's all over, we'll never be the same
i feel their hands around my neck
contorting, moulding all the thoughts in my head
i'm not a man you can mend
but rest assured, you'll see me break before i bend
what does it matter in the end?
build me up to tear me down
you look at me like a stranger
i'm only trying to be someone
oh holy father, i'm calling your name
i don't deserve this, you don't deserve me to change
this self-indulgence, this sick selfish game
serves a constant reminder, we'll never be the same
oh fallen brother, you swore that you'd stay
i guess it's over, i guess that's the price we pay
and in the darkness, i still hear you say
"if we ever survive this, we'll never be the same"

i came into this world an unmarked page
but i've stained the paper with lines that i cannot erase

discarded my identity
a fragment of what i used to be

an iron mind in paper walls
is not a stable foundation in this ongoing storm
and now these hands of stone have eroded, collapsed again

i see a stranger's face staring in the mirror
who i was, was somewhere lost along the way
caught in an empty space, i never thought i'd be here
each day i feel it take a part of me

no retribution. no compromise
selfishly self-immolating inside
burn, burn me alive. i've seen the other side
burn me, set me alight

i see a stranger's face staring in the mirror
who i was, was somewhere lost along the way
caught in an empty space, i never thought i'd be here
each day i feel it take a part of me

i can't deny this feeling, i can't ignore the pain
of knowing i am human, and we all feel the fucking same
we're all born to feel this way

and so i ask myself
is the measure of a man, his character, his worth
contained by what his heart holds or contained within his works?
my motivations have never strayed
but somewhere i think they were buried along the way

i see a stranger's face staring in the mirror
who i was, was somewhere lost along the way
caught in an empty space, i never thought i'd be here
each day i feel it take a part of me

i've seen the other side

we are the gears in this churning machine
the burning steam from the crack in the surface
we are your soul's insomnia, the restless heart of indignation
forever awake

you're all insane, staring at inevitable change
the selfish few who will stand in the way
but with each orbit you beg the world to turn at your will
to rotate in reverse

you're not a hero if you're trapped behind a mask
can't hear them screaming when your head is in the sand

we're hopeless, we're helpless
we'll wait here for a sign
or stare into the sun until we're blind
and out of time

you left each other to drown in a sea of ill concern
in search of a thorned crown you were never meant to earn
you'd set the world ablaze to warm your hands on the flames
how did we let it come to this? we're all to blame
this isn't progress

this. is. not. this isn't progress
misled and sick in the head, playing the victim again

you're not a hero if you're trapped behind a mask
can't hear them screaming when your head is in the sand

what will it take to make you see?

we're hopeless, we're helpless
we'll wait here for a sign
or stare into the sun until we're blind
and out of time

we are the gears in this churning machine
the burning steam from the crack in the surface
we are your soul's insomnia, the restless heart of indignation

between the waves, they break like glass
between the waves, they break like glass
pastel skies that turn to grey, in whispers they ask
is there anybody out there?
is there anybody out there?
were you ever listening?

tear away all the pieces left worth saving
i'm a ghost, i'm a broken entity
this is all i have from a life spent wishing, waiting
and i won't let go if you beg me to
i won't let go if you beg me to

strain till you're barely breathing
pain just to give it meaning
the blood we shed for these hollow endeavours
what is it worth if no one remembers?
if there's anybody out there
if there's anybody out there
they were never listening

tear away all the pieces left worth saving
i'm a ghost, i'm a broken entity
this is all i have from a life spent wishing, waiting
and i won't let go if you beg me to
i won't let go if you beg me to

frail hands worked to the bone
no chance to buy back the life that we sold
freedom, false as your hope
each will suffer the same
our own rapture, our own judgement day
to no end we will burn if we turn away

turn away 'cause you're far too late to save me
i'm just a shell of the man i used to be
this is all i have from a life spent wishing, waiting
and i won't let go if you beg me to

i won't let go if you beg me to
what is it worth if no one remembers?
i won't let go if you beg me to
what is it worth if no one remembers?

i've been a liar, been a thief, been a fool for you
i've been a martyr, been a saint, been a coward
now there's nothing left to prove
but i'm at war with all the things that i'm supposed to be
and when i speak it seems that everyone's expecting me to
to say what they can't say

it comes in waves that break upon the sand
it comes in waves to drown this broken man, oh

i've been a liar, been a thief, been a fool for you
i've been through hell, been a traitor to myself
now i've got nothing left to lose
but how can i go on in this electric life?
and if they come for me tonight, they won't take me alive

it comes in waves that break upon the sand
it comes in waves to drown this broken man
and it's so confusing, the way you're using me
i feel like you're using me
to speak the words that you lack the strength to say

i'm giving up on the fairy tale
these dreams bring me nothing but pain
believe that i meant every single word i said
when i said that when it comes, it, it comes in waves

i've been a liar, been a thief, been a fool for you
i've been a giver, but i've given all i can to you

i have these dreams where i'm losing all my teeth
where the walls begin to cave in and bury me beneath bury me beneath
and when i wake, there's a part of me that wishes
that my nightmares would come true
if only just to give me peace

i need space. i need a night in my own bed
i need this like i need a hole in the head
i'm so unprepared to go through this again

i'm a wreck, i confess
i am in so far above my head
and i've been telling everyone that i can't bear the weight
when i break, do you break?
do you feel it like your bones are aching?
even as we grow, it hurts to know that some things never change

how could i blame you if you walked away?
but please believe me when you hear me say
i hope you find what you're searching for
don't we all deserve to feel something more?

you deserve to feel something more
take the time to mend what's broken, like we did at the start
all we leave unspoken will tear us apart
and i've been dying to get this off my chest

i'm a wreck, i confess
i am in so far above my head
and i've been telling everyone that i can't bear the weight
when i break, do you break?
do you feel it like your bones are aching?
even as we grow, it hurts to know that some things never change

in sight and sound, i found a reason
to stick around, but nothing's changed
i know this time i've pushed your patience
and crossed a line i saw too late
in sight and sound, i found a reason
to stick around, but nothing's changed
i found a reason, but nothing's changed
and i'm just trying to say

i'm a wreck, i confess
i am in so far above my head
and i've been telling everyone that i can't bear the weight
when i break, do you break?
do you feel it like your bones are aching?
even as we grow, it hurts to know that some things never change
some things never change

they broke our backs against the pavement
they ground our teeth down to the bone
the hung us high and bled us dry
left to die here, defenseless and alone
in the dark
like a forest fire waiting for a hint of spark
take up your arms, sharpen your knives
they gave their very last chance when they gave
our lives away

words betray us in the native tongues we speak
when power corrupts the strong, false hope
contends all weak
break the confines, brace us for the flood
raining from the heavens with the force of seven gods
on us all
we were all fixated on ego

all our lives, just a drop in the ocean
one more nail in the coffin, straight into the dirt
born to die, it's the final debt that we pay
the stain on your hands that can't be washed away
can't be washed away

a permanent solution, a moral absolution
the guilty many, the new disorder
the bloody hand leads the lam to the slaughter
i heard them laugh as their eyes rolled back
raising a glass as their hearts turned black
drowning the guilt
tyrant, how can you stand by their graves?
not all can be saved

a wasted chance to set things straight
a change of heart that came too late
out of sight and out of mind
we are the ones you left behind

can you hear the sound
a wasted chance to set things straight
piercing the silence ringing out
a change of heart that came too late
as we feed the ground
out of sight and out of mind
we are the ones you left behind

all our lives, just a drop in the ocean
one more nail in the coffin, straight into the dirt
born to die, it's the final debt that we pay
the stain on your hands that can't be washed away

we are the ones you left behind
we are the ones you left behind

where do we go now?

i'm still trying to find the words
a quarter lifetime on
as if a pen and paper could restore
the greatest loss i've known
every outline of you lingers in the door
every cigarette a silhouette in ash
drawn upon the floor
remember how they told me
"you're too young to understand
you will shift just like the weather
as you grow into a man"
this i know

my life has flashed before my eyes
and the days all seemed to pass me by
all the pain i earned and the love i lost
was the only truth
this all will someday soon return to dust

return to dust

and if we all go to hell
i'll find some peace where i dwell
i never thought there was more to this than met the eye
when i have no more to give
surrender my right to live
we're only killing time 'til time kills us and we

decay together
we're not built to live forever

content to shed my blissful ignorance
no fire, no light, an insignificant mistake

and if we all go to hell
i'll find some peace where i dwell
i never thought there was more to this than met the eye
when i have no more to give
surrender my right to live
we're only killing time 'til time kills us

my life has flashed before my eyes
and the days all seemed to pass me by
all the pain i earned and the love i lost
was the only truth
this all will someday soon return to dust

yeah

i have lived and died to know that all we love we leave behind
these undertakings take us far from familiar and comfortable things
how much can one heart bear before it tears at the seams?
is this not all we thought it would be?

find your peace in a place unknown
and see the world in shades of monochrome
you don't have to walk alone
to know what it feels like when nowhere feels like home
when nowhere feels like home

show me your skin, show me the fear inside your bones
'cause i've seen a darker side of man than you will ever know
when my lungs refuse to breathe
will you replenish the air in me?
when my eyes refuse to see
what is standing in front of me

find your peace in a place unknown
and see the world in shades of monochrome
you don't have to walk alone
to know what it feels like when nowhere feels like
nowhere feels like home

the streetlights sing me to sleep
the company that i keep
and all that keeps me sane and whole
will be the death of me
get me out of here

lend me your ear, i'll tell you what you need to know
you'll learn to breathe when life has got its hands around your throat
there was a time, there was a place where i could say
that i was unafraid of what this meant to me

find your peace in a place unknown
and see the world in shades of monochrome
you don't have to walk alone
to know what it feels like when nowhere feels like home

when nowhere feels like home
when nowhere feels like

it's your turn right now, let me see your steps
let me feel your hesitation
nothing ventured, nothing gained
we know the reproach to yourself
all your reflections as an open secret
all your mistakes as a success
your tears as the pitiful disport
your decisions make us win
follow the guide we gave you

don't look upward, there's nothing above you
your eyes aren't qualified
your memory is your future
can you remember your end?

we, we are your faith and your fear
we are your inspiration and your overload
you're all equal
this is your reality, your veiled sight

you can never see
you can put the blame on us
you can put the blame on us
"it's all about your personal interpretation of what you're looking at."

i see you try to grow with your scars
but you fail again and again
you can put the blame on us
this is what, this is what we expect

this makes your life so much easier
just close your eyes, follow blindly
in your deepest dreams you can see us
in your lonely hours you can feel us
in your lonely hours you can feel us
you can feel us, you can feel us

this prison was built for you
you are not ready for the outside
maybe you will never be
maybe you will never see
nothing is more constant than change
so why, why don't you change within?
positions won't change
as long as you can't see the point
till then we will keep observing you...
sneering

i know you aren't responsible
for the rise of my distrust
please forgive me
for the rise of my distrust
please forgive me

but by and by it destroys my inner force
the first thing in my head when i wake up
save my heart
you are the last thing in my head when i fall in sleep
you could destroy it
all i want is just the truth to trust
all i want is trust
my heart dies by suffering

i'm afraid to fall again

i look into your eyes
and try to see behind the walls
the walls of silence

my heart in your hands
i hate the past
you could destroy it
but all i need is the truth
is just the truth
you could break me into pieces with one fuckin' lie

save my heart

it's like the kiss of death

i kissed the death
my heart in your hands / it could break again
so save my fuckin' heart

your words are like paste
i can't see their real shape

i was falling for a long time
almost everything i knew became more fucking worthless

so many promises, so much energy

all i want is silence
all i want is peace
all i want is you
no more reason for searching
for what i always expected from life
no more reason for searching

new direction, new fuckin' rules

you caught me on my way to my new life

i think it's time to act selfishly
you, yeah you caught me on my way to my new life
to my new life

memories of a time before distrust and pain

perhaps a dream, perhaps a trap

but not this time, it's too different
my pulse is slowing, is slowing down
my eyes are closed now

and i create
and i create a picture in my head
a picture of the time
i draw it with my mind
it's colourful and bright
it's no longer waiting, from today it's arriving

this time i can see the sky
the first time i don't look back
what the fuck

no more walls, no more lies
i can breathe until after the sundown
my glowing heart just awakened
perfection within reach

my sad memories
you make them look like fading dust
i am the air
i am the ground, nothing can burn me down
nothing can burn me down
nothing

i really missed this feeling
now i don't fear myself anymore
open mind, open ways
my future turns to light
hope has come to find me

my real destination
this is the control i was waiting for
it makes me unbreakable
i remember who i am
what i was, what i've become

"a few people laughed, a few people cried. most people were silent. i remembered the line from the hindu scripture, the bhagavad-gita; vishnu is trying to persuade the prince that he should do his duty, and to impress him, takes on his multi-armed form and says, 'now i am become death, the destroyer of worlds.' i suppose we all thought that, one way or another."

"why is it that countries which we call strong are so powerful in creating wars, but are so weak in bringing peace?"

"we have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world - or to make it the last."

"our task is to look at the structure of why we're failing as human beings. and i say all of us. and if you don't have faith in the people - what do you have faith in?"

it is the darkest night, stars invisible
the only thing i can feel is your cold fear
your shivering hands, controlling gaze
fearing the end, awaiting the consequences
as long as you are walking this path this path
in fact you don't have to fear the fog my friends
and i see, you already know the other side
you know the way out
but the cruel end is etched in your thoughts

your fantasy, only able to envision the worst
you dream of a hero
helping hand
brave guardian
when you wake up you wish to wake up again
leaving this place is what you secretly hope for
but in reality you can't run away
in the end the past will catch you all up
it's not the case that you weren't responsible

take a look at this world
drab and reeking
look at the dull seas
almost dead inside
look at the toxic sky
we and the sun, no longer friends

now there's no more excuses for walking this path
no more chances for the fucking blind
all this is making you sad
all this is making you scared
you can't deny

the hero is close, he can save you
he's close to you, so close to you
reach out your hand, open your eyes
what made you not change your mind for so long?
that's right, the hero is you

knowing nothing, nothing but the lies
you think you got the world in your hands
i think you would stop at nothing
you've never known this place
you've never known the values i believe in
i can hear your lifeless voice, it's the voice of everyone else
containing distorted views of this sick world, called to life
from infested minds, they're taking over the space of our hearts, of our souls
can you hear my voice
can you hear my words
do you feel me now do you
you can't feel the masks you're wearing every day
you can't smell the buried hearts
the sand has fallen
i don't know - was it your choice, was it your destiny
this is the beginning of the end
welcome to the war against yourself
your hearts are so
your heart's already dead
this is the beginning of the end
welcome to the war against yourself
i, i can hear you speak to me
but, but your eyes are still empty, still empty
i can hear you speak to me
but your eyes are still empty
you've already lost
can't you hear my voice, can't you hear my words
blind eyes are staring at me, knowing nothing, nothing but the lies
nothing but the lies
nothing but the lies
hold my hand or go away
staring at me, staring at me - blind eyes
staring at me, staring at me - blind eyes
yes we can
save our lives
but your eyes are still empty
i can see the end

locked up behind these walls
ages of trying to cope

behind december's walls
years and years of finding myself
this was the longest journey i've ever made
days of wasting tears and no one cares
countless nights, drowning in worthless nightmares
ages of trying to cope
ages of not giving up hope

keeping alive the hope for a deeper sense
for a better understanding of my world
my destiny, my goals and myself climbing out of that endless misery
no security, no confirmation of an end
alone in the masses
alone in the masses
alone in the masses
yeah!

is there anybody on my side?
please appear now
i feel...
i feel myself slowly crumbling. yeah!
and when the rain is coming i can feel myself melting into the ground
becoming the puppet i never meant to be

i don't know how, i don't know why
so sure i don't deserve this
but there came an eastern wind that brought me forward
pushed me out of the sludge
formed my actual self, buried my inner demons
locked up december's walls. locked up
behind december's walls

the rain can't force me down anymore
i'm strong enough to hold back the storms now. seeing my visions clear like never before
from that day i met you.  for what you are, for what you saw in me
now i can see clearly all the wrong paths i took
the prospect is perfect
from the roof i see down the walls. from the roof
i am bulletproof, bulletproof, bulletproof, bulletproof!

and if the vultures are ever circling above me again
you can be sure i won't let you go because i know you can still feel my passion
strengthened by the scars i've collected in the past
i will move more heaven and earth to save this
because i am bulletproof
bulletproof!

looking back on my footsteps on the cold ground
feeling like fleeing
they say the path i took should be my fate
but i wanna take my lazy steps on my own
day by day, second by second, i set the course anew

walking through the frames of my life
looking for the moments i'll remember with a smile
tripping over lies and hate
envy and vanity
i wish i could change the order of proceedings
no chance at all
no chance at all

i build a time machine
i will reverse my mistakes, pain - fade away
fade away
fade away

all these sources of noise are whispering and screaming
tempting and frightening in the middle of my head, beyond my heart

they try to change my mind into something bad
fighting against them for years
but in the end i still decide on my own

fearing the mistakes
fearing the responsibility
to myself and to my beloved, to my beloved

walking through the frames of my life
looking for the moments i'll remember with a smile
tripping over lies and hate
envy and vanity
i wish i could change the order of proceedings

these photos, can't overlook can't overlook
the flashlights, they are surrounding me

observing all my movements
but finally it's me who's crying for my perfect sincerity
crying for my salvation
crying for the respect for myself

so where is the golden means of all decisions?
i don't even know
if there is a right way i could choose

i go down on my knees, i'm yelling at the ground
in the hope of finding some new answers

thousands of questions
only one life for finding answers
one question for thousands of lives
for thousands of lives

breathing slowly

despite this i never stopped believing in
waiting for the point i can see it clearly

there is no hope
no flavors on my tongue
i close my eyes and pray
there is no hope, oh god
i'm holding my breath and realize what i have done
these fucking countless eyes
they're looking down on me
i sleep with open eyes
god tell me, how will this end
i think i've lost
you've opened my eyes
pieces of me, they just fall away
and there is nothing that i can do
except to pray that there will come a day
i feel the screams close to my fuckin' heart
so close to my heart
but i hope the day will come when we can forget
my mind is screaming but my lips can't translate
i tremble with every breath i take
please pick me up
i can't lift off by myself
oh my god
please pick me up
darling please
i try to hide the scars in me
so blind, pins and needles buried in my eyes
what's left of me
i have to say - goodbye
just make this go away
a goodbye with no second chance
you said we'd never fade away
i sleep with open eyes
oh god, how will this end
i see your glassy eyes
god tell me, how will this end
i wanna wake up from this nightmare
i wanna wake up in your arms

let me wake up
this is not my real life
years of buildup
this can't be the end
no way
please hold me

these cold raindrops on my tense face, is this the rain that goes along with me
let me feel your reliance and hope
can we take this barrier together

let me feel your hope
i wanna let go - no way
i don't wanna hear it
now it's the point in time i always feared
i can feel the cold winds are striking my shakin' body

not in my life, not with my heart

i hate the fate
till now i thought it would never happen to me again
will this break us
those are the tears, showing me the way

this is a common crossing with just one destination
straight into loneliness
i wanna leave this nightmare
but the door is locked
there is no light anymore

i hate the fate
this is the story of a fuckin' stranger

hit me, let me wake up now
time disperses like sand in my hands
i can't believe it

i dream about the day
it goes through our hearts
find the light

the grey clouds obliterate the light blue sky
they're approaching quickly
the sloppy and filthy streets are
the streets are reflecting
reflecting the human condition
everywhere i look i can only see narrow alleyways

the bridges are burning

no chance to heal the wounds, no time-out from the selfish world
the cold environment is looking at me
in hopes fucking getting of getting answers

i close my eyes to stop the time, to forget all this misery
where am i?
where's the place where the roses still grow?
i can't hear through these hazy words anymore

is this the reality or just my perception?
wait for a sign but you can't see me
through this blurred visibility

but i can see you
the fear in your face
the fluttering eyelid
but you can't hide
you can't

i perceive there is a way out
this might be a solution that cures the world

can't you feel it?
can you really see it?
so shout out, convince me
step up!
so step up
step up

you're the gunman
i am just the bullet shot from your gun now
shot!
i am just a bullet shot from your gun

i hope there is an end of this story, fuck
everywhere i go, every time i sleep
i go around in the circle
again and again, on my way
to a better life, with a free heart
a carefree mind
it's joining me through time and distance
like my fucking shadow
invisible scars, caused by myself
so deep, deep inside me
i played with the fire in my heart
it has finally caught me
they told me
it's time for change
the beauty enticed me
to risk so many mistakes
why not, why not?
the signs were clear
the clouds were here
who knows? who knows? maybe they're still right
maybe there will be rain again
maybe i can forget, to forget the sadness
just another aberration?
just a delusion?
so here we go, so here we go
round 3, and i'm doubtful again
the shadow of the past so dark
making my life look empty
i hope there is an end of this story
every night i dream of the love i lived twice
every morning i wake up with memories of things that never happened
alone in the crowd, maybe already forgotten
i see the time is working against me
i guess i can't stop this
because it's stronger than me
impossible to learn the lesson
as long as my heart won't listen
as long as my heart won't listen
the circle holds me back, i am strapped down
waiting for the day i can break through
the moment i can catch up all the love
waiting for the day
you aren't just a dream, no!
ready? go!

cold eyes behind those masked faces
don't follow the traces
the poison of your words will crush you down
you are losing control, i am losing my mind
fear of rejection day in day out
it's like i'm burning from the inside out
what's a perfect world to you?
stop feeding me with those lies
i'm searching for answers to questions i will never get
but we are not dead yet
what do you regret?
tell me what you regret
cause we are not dead yet
our skin is rotten
a mind full of doubt
it will tear you apart
what goes around, comes around
it's like i'm burning from the inside out
you better run, chasing the sun
erase the darkness in your mind
the coexistence is fading away
don't close your eyes, don't try to hide
we belong to the other side
can't you see the light is slowly fading away
how can you deny the threat?
sometimes i want to leave this fucking place
leave this place
i've been searching for so long, for something more
i want to step into a new world
break these chains away from me
you can meet me where the sky touches the sea
voices telling you what you have to do
this fucking pressure will bury you
it will bury you
we've reached the point where we can't turn away
you better run, chasing the sun
erase the darkness in your mind
the coexistence is fading away
don't close your eyes, don't try to hide
we belong to the other side
can't you see the light is slowly fading away
sometimes i feel like there's no cure for this misery
side by side but lost in the open sea
what is the price you would pay to change it back?
follow the traces
don't follow the traces
hand in hand we can find the way out of this fucking maze
don't follow the false trace

the frames are blank and the flowers are fucking dead
fuck!
i'm drowning in thoughts, the time has come once again

oh yeah oh!

overslept the whole day, still lying on my bed and weltering back and forth
thousands of thoughts whiz around in my head
it's hard to explain what's still growing in me
just look into my eyes for the last time
the time has come for me to rise
just look into my eyes
just look into my eyes for the last time

my mind was covered by shadows
dark forces have pulled me away for too long
the half life i follow on this railroad line
but my train has left the station for a long time oh!

i just wanted to wake up from this nightmare
but there was no way to turn the page
issues, fears of loss, paranoia, jealousy
at some point i just wanted to run, to run away
but you, you didn't want to face what we have become
can you see what you've done to me and to yourself?
dead slowly i can recognize myself
dead slowly i can recognize myself in the mirror again

tonight i try to forget
the frames are blank and the flowers are fucking dead
it's my life now i take it back

i was waiting for the problems to solve themselves
too weak to resist the fight against you and myself
the more i've searched the less i've found
this is the last time that you drag me back down yeah!

fragments of dreams
half asleep, nothing is what it seems nothing!
you let me down nothing! you let me drown
i'm never looking back again, you got that? oh!

yeah!

i was waiting for the problems to solve themselves
too weak to resist the fight against you and myself
the more i've searched the less i've found
this is the last time that you drag me back down
the more i've searched the more i've searched the less i've found
this is the last time this is the last time!
i'm never looking back again

i was just a mask with a crooked smile
you tried to control me for quite a while
i was on the ropes for too long
nothing left but a bitter taste on my tongue yeah!

but now i know how to hide the scars
the time has come for me to rise again

there is no master plan, i'm so confused and paralyzed

here
where the fuck i am
just dark walls around me
as high as mountains

my hands on my chest
they feel like a thorn deep inside me
deep inside me
deep inside me

this pain brings me down to my knees
what's behind those fucking walls?
i hate the future

looking for some answers
looking for some answers
looking for some answers

my decisions are setting the track
switch through the jungle of this life
of this life

but what to do
if there is more than just one right way

i never wanted that you leave me
but i saw it in your eyes
the trust was already dead
all the time i tried to cope

i said to myself
look forward to a new chapter
look forward to a new chapter

this is my confession, i'm still in love with you
this is my confession, could i find the way back to you?
i can feel there is still hope

walls so high i can't see the sun anymore
this is a fucking dead end
this is a fucking dead end

i step into a world
a world i have never seen before
where the haunt is bagged and love is the core love is the core
warm lights surrounding my unfrozen mind
time is standing still for a blink of an eye
i'm no longer a slave of the human kind yeah!
my deepest fears seem to have lapsed
my enemies, antagonists, already collapsed
now it feels like the biggest fight has been won in this life
but who's able to follow me over the edge of the knife?
imaginary land oh! please be real, i don't want to leave you anymore
so please be sealed
keep that burning door locked forever
i need to save the new essence
let me breathe in the smell of hope until my disappearance
this is the new freedom called peace
pick up the trail and follow me
follow me away from the worlds disease
follow me follow me!
this is the place for those who don't give up
the final destination beyond selfishness and every spiteful act
i see your laughing face
your laughing face full of salvation
but wait but wait, there is something more something more!
suddenly i'm in a fight against the question
like a spike in my mind, unable to ignore
searching for a reason
for a reason i can't find
what am i even looking for?
what am i even looking for?
what am i even looking for?
what am i even looking for?
only one black thought and my knees are shaking
i can feel my heartbeat, hear my heart scream
the gloomy sounds of a tremor makes me breathless
like a wicked hand, it's on my neck
trying to suppress; to suppress my peace of mind
the lights turn green and i watch reality thrive
what the hell is happening? this place can't break
i need to stay, but i can't hide
billows of smoke breaking through the ground
billows of smoke yeah!
i'm falling but i don't want to be crawling out of my skin
the sad reality is catching up with me
yeah!
this is the awakening
this is the awakening
this is the awakening

the sun sets, reality becomes tactile
the taste of life is killing the smile
shake your numb reality, but never give up no matter how hard it will be

yeah!

there is no way to escape, there is no shortcut shortcut!
all of sudden everything changes
and from now on every breath feels so strange
a stab in the back without warning
fall asleep and hope all is forgotten in the morning

i'm paralyzed paralyzed!
i close my eyes and try to set the time back time back

i just want to fall into a deep sleep
wake up and realize that everything was just a nightmare
somebody take this away from me

these cursed ups and downs
this mental pressure, sometimes hope drowns
how long does it still take
till the chains around my neck break? yeah!

broken mirrors
i can't see the reality clearly
millions of sharp pieces are starring at me

please, i can't bear to see you fall again
but i know you'll never give up!
but i know you'll never give up
never, never, never...

i just want to fall into a deep sleep
wake up and realize that everything was just a nightmare
somebody take this away from me
take this away from me...

today my awakening was different
i'm dazzled by the hidden truth
it woke me up
with sharp screams, it shook me up
is it already too late
was this the last of our fights?
maybe just a dream

it shines so fucking bright
tears roll out of my squinted eyes
this is the cold fire burning down my little hope

i get up, i walk down the street again
but today i'm just the observer
now i am the seeing, watching all the zombies
i am scared by, by their ashamed glances
their empty faces with these glossy eyes
trying to evade my assessment

i see them dying within, lost on the way
not ready to pay
i walk along
no one holds me back
no one blocks my path
no one holds me back
no one blocks my path
no one holds me back
no one blocks my path

i can read their minds
they have lost their goals
lost their dreams, lost their selves
they don't know what they are searching for now

now they feel the consequences of their stiffened way of life
caged in their own prison of lies
focused on the fading things fading things
now the safety falls to dust it falls to dust
what is the use of all the money now?
can you remember your decision, your decision?

i watch 'em pay the price for being blind
for being so narrow-minded
the final question is:
what if this was just a dream?
was it just a dream?
you blind motherfuckers
was it just a dream?
you blind motherfuckers

another sleepless night, time stands still, minutes seem like hours, hours like days
i take a deep breath, open my eyes and clench my hand into a fist
all these nightmares, they hunt me for real
running away is futile, standing still is fatal

can't distinguish between sweat and blood anymore
was it our fault? we knew we could fail
i feel numb from drinking our tears, but when i remember your smile i know i have to face all this fear

i enter your room, close the door, smell your perfume
it hurts like an open sore, which will bleed forever

was it me, that ended our dreams?
somebody please cut me out of this twisted picture
i'm floating in memories, they feel like fractures reflecting on everything, since you disappeared
if there's one moment you can choose your fate

why didn't we grow in love, instead of ending up in a fuckin' fight
oh god, why?! tell me why

i feel numb from drinking our tears, but when i remember your smile i know i have to face all this fear

you took the keys, started the car, drove into nowhere...with my heart
now it all falls apart

i enter your room, close the door, whisper your name
another sleepless night, time stands still, minutes seem like hours, hours like days

it was our fault, we knew we could fail

face the truth, we are surrounded by lies
this ship will sink, never sleep with closed eyes
don't follow those voices follow those voices
a little closer to the ground
pieces are falling and they will never be found
they will never be found
my belief breaks into a thousand shards
yeah
i will refuse to face defeat
nobody wants to face the truth
the moment has come to turn the page
they said they said you have to swallow your pride and learn to adapt
but i'm unwilling to be one of those who just sits back in the dark
fuck!
i'll take back what was mine 3x
broken reality falls down on me, the world is my enemy
am i the only one who can see through the mask?
i envy your calm, can't you see the hurricane?
no time for reproaches, i warned you again and again
where do we want to belong to now?
write your name on your lifeboat and follow the lifeline
escape the squall for the last time
we'd rather live we'd rather live one day in this selfish world as a wounded lion, than a hundred years as a controlled sheep
leave this shit behind, no time to sleep
we climb this wall, no fears to fall
we won't give this shit up till we reach the top
i promise i promise it will be the brightest spot
this is our target
we never stop, we never forfeit, i can not abort it
no exception to permit
just look into my eyes, they're reflecting your fear from the past few years
but this is not the end
no, this is not the end
believe me or not but this right here is not the end oh!
take your place, it's time to move
give me a knife for those ropes
give me something to break these chains
give me the command to bring the ship back on course again
give me a knife for those ropes
give me something to break these chains
give me the command to bring the ship back on course again
back to zero
escape the fate, it's time to chose
take your place, it's time to move
back to zero
escape the fate, it's time to chose
rewind the past, you must approve
raise your fist, this is your last chance
we won't turn away and turn back to grey
and i'm sure someday the colours will visibly gleam again

one's and zero's fill my eyes
am i supposed to be like everybody else?
a prisoner of my own mind
should i give up?
should i give up?

i try to smile, try to fight
just say i'm okay
but every day feels like a hurricane

yeah, i was born in the rain
yeah, i was born in the rain

answers never seemed so distant
the fear of missing out blurs my vision
am i enough to live up to the expectations of a world
that won't stop moving?
i am so lost in the eye of the storm
i am so lost

but i try to smile, try to fight
just say i'm okay
but everyday feels like a hurricane

yeah, i was born in the rain
yeah, i was born in the rain

tell me what i need!
so tell me what i need
the water's rising past my eyes!
so tell me what i need
the water's rising past my eyes!

the rain pours down
the clouds block the light
i can't find the help i need
let this destroy me

let this destroy me

i try to smile, try to fight
just say i'm okay
but every day feels like it's killing me

yeah, i was born in the rain
yeah, i was born in the rain

so tell me what i need
the water's rising past my eyes!
so tell me what i need
the water's rising past my eyes!
so tell me what i need
the water's rising past my eyes!
so tell me what i need
the water's rising past my eyes!

a world divided
in a race that no one can win
the worst fears ignited
all the hate that's burning within

taught to hate anyone that dare stand in our way
taught to fight the system that keeps this evil alive and feeds their greed

are we better?
old machines have told us who to be
are we better?
your hollow voice won't speak for me

every day we're growing colder
our divide is growing further and further
the hands of time are moving faster
when will we stop paying
the price of agony?

there's a heart that beats for hope
there's a voice that fights for reason
look around and see
it's closer than you think

are we better?
old machines won't tell us who to be
are we better?
no one's voice will speak for me

every day we're growing colder
our divide is growing further and further
the hands of time are moving faster
when will we stop paying
the price of agony?

a world divided
in a race that no one can win
the worst fears ignited
all the hate that's burning within
burning within

destroy the madness
destroy the madness
no one's voice will speak for me

every day we're growing colder
our divide is growing further and further
the hands of time are moving faster
when will we stop paying
the price of agony?

holding on to what we know
too proud to change
too scared to grow
holding on to what we know
too proud to change
too scared to grow
holding on to what we know
too proud to change
too scared to grow
holding on to what we know
too proud to change
too scared to grow

foundation cracks
the wounds are bleeding
the end is calling
the end...is here
you're in a deathgrip, you're in a deathgrip
deathgrip!
death will know my name
you're at the world's end, you're at the world's end
world's end!
i will be the last one standing
i can see the end
it's staring right back at me
i brought us here
a place laid to waste by humanity
the storms destroy
the quakes awaken
the end is calling
the end...is here
you're in a deathgrip, you're in a deathgrip
deathgrip!
death will know my name
you're at the world's end, you're at the world's end
world's end!
i will be the last one standing
i can see the end
it's staring right back at me
i brought us here
a place laid to waste by humanity
in a life of choice i chose to deny
through all of my sins, i chose to die
there will be nothing when i've lost it all
please god, let this end painlessly
my memories are like a noose around my neck
i could never let go of all the regrets
deathgrip!
you're in a deathgrip, you're in a deathgrip
deathgrip!
death will know my name
you're at the world's end, you're at the world's end
world's end!
i will be the last one standing
i can see the end
it's staring right back at me
i brought us here
a place laid to waste by humanity

will i rise, from the ashes we create?
will i fall, into oblivion?
when i look up to this tower with a soul that's ripped apart
i see my death before me and the path is cold and dark

i feel the flames surrounding my heart
watching my soul being torn apart
twenty-six years i've been digging my grave
climbing the tower of pain

fear shouldn't be deciding my fate
my agony shouldn't be adding this weight
when my heart no longer beats what will i see?

will i rise, from the ashes we create?
will i fall, into oblivion?
when i look up to this tower with a soul that's ripped apart
i see my death before me and the path is cold and dark

i hear the whisper of death in my ear
hell is saved for those who don't fear
twenty-six years being told i'm a slave
draining desire away

fear shouldn't be deciding my fate
my agony shouldn't be adding this weight
when my heart no longer beats what will i see?

will i rise, from the ashes we create?
will i fall, into oblivion?
when i look up to this tower with a soul that's ripped apart
i see my death before me and the path is cold and dark

hell shouldn't draw me closer to heaven
death shouldn't pull me closer to faith
hell shouldn't draw me closer to heaven
death shouldn't pull me closer to faith
i will climb the tower of pain
blegh
tower of pain

tell me i won't be forgotten...
if just for the moment...

i look into the sky
i'm crying out your name
i've made my mistakes and i'm the only one to blame
help me, i need to feel your grace
and i've been waiting, waiting in the darkest place!

for so long, i can barely breathe
the grip of the guilt and the scars of my sins live on, they're choking me
for so long, i can barely breathe
the grip of the guilt and the scars of my sins are suffocating me
now i can barely breathe

tell me i won't be forgotten
if just for 
the
 moment
tell me i won't be forgotten
if just for the moment

for so long, i can barely breathe
the grip of the guilt and the scars of my sins live on, they're choking me
for so long, i can barely breathe
show me the light i need to see

tell me i won't be forgotten
if just for the moment
tell me i won't be forgotten
if just for the moment
will time heal my pain?
send me to the grave!
will i die in vain?
tell me, i won't be forgotten
if just for a moment

the road back to you feels so long
with so many battles along the way
i put all of this on my myself
and i should accept the blame for everyone i hurt
through all my mistakes
those who look down on me
you show me your face in a way i can see...

i look into the sky
i'm crying out your name
i made my mistakes but you forgave me!
you forgave me!

tell me i won't be forgotten
if just for the moment
tell me i won't be forgotten
if just for the moment
will time heal my pain?
send me to the grave!
will i die in vain?
tell me i won't be forgotten
if just for a moment
tell me i won't be forgotten!
if just for a moment

light the match
set my body ablaze
there's nowhere left to hide
when your mind is stuck in a cloudy haze
pressure pushes its way inside
no room to move, no where to hide

i can't find the strength within myself
the weight of life has pushed me to a living hell
endless misery, lack of sympathy
i don't trust the voice inside of me inside of me
i always put myself out there
but it always ends the same
if words are words
then i'm the only one to blame

backbreaker
sever all the ties, sever all the lies
backbreaker
reach inside and see if i'm living

light the match
set my body ablaze
there's nowhere left to hide
when your mind is stuck in a cloudy haze
every good intention turns to dust
where do your loyalties lie
when there's no one to trust

backbreaker
sever all the ties, sever all the lies
backbreaker
reach inside and see if i'm living
backbreaker
sever all the ties, sever all the lies
backbreaker
every fear consuming

the world is watching
their eyes are piercing me now
i feel the pressure
this will be my end

everyday is another war
we live and die in a hopeless world
laying waste to the innocent
with no regret, i'm sick of it

we create, we destroy
the descendants blade
will pierce the flesh
we attack and deploy
we are slaves to nothing
but the wars that we fight

it's never ending
the carnage that we see on our tv screens
it's never ending
the hate that tears this world apart
it's never ending
this is just the beginning

wake up

don't just sit back
and watch this world fall apart

everyday is another war
we live and die in a hopeless world
laying waste to the innocent
with no regret, i'm sick of it
everyday is another war
we live and die in a hopeless world
laying waste to the innocent
with no regret, i'm sick of it

guns firing into masses
buildings burning, society collapses
we can't just sit back and accept this
we must end, end this terror

this must end
this must end
this must end
this must end
this must end
end this terror

everyday is another war
we live and die in a hopeless world
laying waste to the innocent
with no regret, i'm sick of it
everyday is another war
we live and die in a hopeless world
laying waste to the innocent
with no regret, i'm sick of it

we create, we destroy
we create
we are slaves to nothing
but the blood on our hands

are you buried alive?

i know you're rotting inside but no one knows you're hurting
you're searching for light, but all you know is burning
can't find the cure for something no one can see
can't find the answers when there's no room left to breath

trapped in. the darkness swallowing
desperate to feel yourself again
too late. i see no hope in your eyes
are you buried alive?

i can't stop, my path is set
all i know is violence

i know you're rotting inside and no one knows you're hurting
you're searching for light, but all you know is burning
can't find the cure for something no one can see
can't find the answers when there's no room left to breath

trapped in. the darkness swallowing
desperate to feel yourself again
too late. i see no hope in your eyes
are you buried alive?

i'm a liar, deceiver; it dwells inside
i'm a cynic, i'm desperate to find out why
all the whispers of every last demon inside; if i listen to them, they will take my life

silence!

can't find the cure for something no one can see
it won't stop

step into the dark of eternity
feed on the flames of your sanity
step into the dark of eternity
god of fire
step into the dark

all they want is to save your soul save your soul
but this cleansing comes with a price
don't give in to your desires
bow down to the god of fire
bow down

false idols fill the air with smoke and glass
their lies so easy to sell when death is in our heads
repent now or burn at the pyre
bow down to the god of fire
bow down to the god of fire

split tongues sharpen the blade
the war ends when they say
"they don't care", "they won't learn"
sit back and watch the world burn

do you hear the cries of humanity?
their pain only means something
if they bow and recite the words they feed
heaven's gates blocked with barbed wire
bow down to the god of fire
bow down to the god of fire
bow down to the god of fire

make me a memory

how do i make my life something to remember?
give me a purpose, raise me through the smoke
i'm on my knees, oh god i'm losing direction
give me a purpose, show me my place

hear me
fighting eternity
hear me
i need more time to find my place
do you see me now?
do you hear me now?
will you reach down?

in the darkness, we're divided
tearing at the seams
burning bridges, lets the light in
it shows us who to be
will i stay a memory?

i keep falling further, further from the answers
will this monument fall when i surrender?
show me my path

in the darkness, we're divided
tearing at the seams
burning bridges, lets the light in
it shows us who to be
in the darkness, we're divided
tearing at the seams
burning bridges, lets the light in
it shows us who to be

hear me
fighting eternity
hear me
i need more time to find my place
though my heart is torn, i don't feel hopeless
i am not afraid, i am timeless

in the darkness, we're divided
tearing at the seams
burning bridges, lets the light in
it shows us who to be
in the darkness, we're divided
tearing at the seams
burning bridges, lets the light in
it shows us who to be

will i stay
will i stay
will i stay a memory?
make me a memory

these children will never see their homes
abandoned and left for dead
no chance to live, they were condemned
unable to fight
i watched in this room as they took my life
you always promised that this would be the last time you gave yourself away
nights spent, wondering
if you took a life or if it's just a slate you wiped clean
i know it's hard to forgive yourself
but there is life beyond the pain
i've been dreaming of your face again
another nightmare, will they ever end?
i've been dreaming of the place you're in
so far away, so far away from me
regret, i will devour you
but i will live for you
for all these years i've been watching you hurt
and i want to see this end
this is no way to live
you won't forget, but i'll forgive
you will create again
don't let the sins of your past become a trend
you will feel again
the words that they tell you will come to an end
time won't heal these wounds
but living with purpose will make you feel whole
pain won't bleed out the sorrow
but living today will help you heal tomorrow
i've been dreaming of your face again
another nightmare, will they ever end?
i've been dreaming of the place you're in
so far away, so far away from me
so far away from me, far away from me
i've been dreaming of your face again
so far away from me, far away from me
i've been dreaming of your face again
so far away from me, far away from me
another nightmare, that will never end
i've been dreaming of the place you're in
so far away from me, far away from me

yeah!

fifteen years since you walked away
no goodbyes, no apologies
what's a kid supposed to do
when he dies inside
what's a heart supposed to do
when you've bled it dry

i won't let you in
this is the last time i put my trust in anyone
this is the last time i sit back for you
this is the last time i put my trust in you

would you even notice if my world was falling apart?
would you even care if my heart stopped beating, my heart stopped beating?

i chose to make amends to let you back in
but you did what you did once again
i chose love in a moment of death
and this is how you repay me?
ripping trust away
i will let you rot, waste away
return to the ground for heaven's sake
and now you will know my misery

your tongue tells lies
your eyes deceive
your touch, poisonous
you're nothing to me

would you even notice if my world was falling apart?
would you even care if my heart stopped beating, my heart stopped beating?
would you even notice? would you even notice?
would you even care, would you even care
would you even notice if my heart stopped beating, my heart stopped?
would you even notice if my world was falling apart?
would you even care if my heart stopped beating, my heart stopped beating?

there's a place in the back of my head
i keep it dark, let no one in
there's a heart somewhere in my chest
is there a beat? does it exist?
will i ever feel anything?
will i ever see the end of my story?

i'm so haunted by who i used to be
a brighter version that i left behind
wasted my innocence
seeing anger with my open eyes

bring me back to a time where i didn't tear things down
bring me back to a life where i wasn't so let down

am i here to live like i'm broken?
am i here to lose my way?
separate me from the sorrow
give me hope for another day

i feel a space in the back of my head
i don't feel the same, i just feel ashamed
everyday pounding in my chest
like a tidal wave that i can't escape

bring me back to a time where i didn't tear things down
bring me back to a life where i wasn't so let down

am i here to live like i'm broken?
am i here to lose my way?
separate me from the sorrow
give me hope for another day

i can't turn back time, but i can let it go
i'm fighting back against the poison in my soul
i'm fighting back against the poison in my soul

bring me back to a time where i didn't tear things down
bring me back to a life where i wasn't so, wasn't so let down

am i here to live like i'm broken?
am i here to lose my way?
separate me from the sorrow
give me hope for another day, day
give me hope for one more day

he lives among us
stacking bodies, piled to the sky
no one sheds a tear when the faceless die
the clouds of smoke cover the stench of rot
return to the dirt, just to be forgotten
i hope you see their misery
we live in a place where 500,000 people disappear without a trace
no funeral, no regard, just another number in the body count
he lives, he lives among us
the serpent, the serpent guides us to their bed
when the sun sets
and the devil leaves his hole
stacking bodies over bodies just to steal your soul
when the light's out
bodies burning up the land
letting evil sit upon its corpse throne
burn
this world is turning
to the fires of hell
we bow our heads to the lawless one
he lives, he lives among us
the serpent, the serpent numbs us
to their pain
when the sun sets
and the devil leaves his hole
stacking bodies over bodies just to steal your soul
when the light's out
bodies burning up the land
letting evil sit upon its corpse throne
stacking bodies over bodies just to steal your soul
for the corpse throne
no more peace, no more light
we distort this world
darkness fills the sky
no more peace, no more light
we distort this world
darkness fills the sky

the writing's on the wall, replaying every story
reality got lost in the fear waiting for me

if all i know is the worst in me
if i close my eyes, will it set me free?
set me free!

locked in my head again
locked in my head again
a war against myself
it's me and no one else
nobody understands
i'm locked in my head again

another night, another breath, hopeless prayers
pulling in, dwelling in, all my fears

if all i know is the worst in me
if i close my eyes, will it set me free?!

locked in my head again
locked in my head again
a war against myself
it's me and no one else
nobody understands
i'm locked in my head again
locked in my head again
locked in my head again
a war against myself
it's me and no one else
nobody understands
i'm locked in my head again

we all have two voices in our head
fear and love
the one you listen to will shape you
the one you ignore will fade away

night after night i'm losing this fight
a struggle within me
that won't seem to die
it's easy to run
when your outlook is slight
how can i have hope
when they sever
sever the ties

i see in the distance a light further away
its building resistance i refuse, i refuse

with every hope redeemed
i let in every dream
just watch it fall apart around me
a voice in each ear
wanting to rip and tear
will i let hope speak again?

i turned my back on love
and what it had for me
it's happened every time before time before
i'm learning and breaking the walls
to let me love again
to let me love again
the louder voice!

night after night i'm losing this fight
a struggle within me
that won't seem to die
it's easy to run
when your outlook is slight
how can i have hope
when they sever
sever the ties

i see in the distance a light further away
its building resistance refuse, i refuse

will you pull me from the dark, my friend?
will you promise me it's not the end?
will you pull me from the dark, my friend?
will you promise me it's not the end?

i turned my back on love
and what it had for me
it's happened every time before time before
i'm learning and breaking the walls
to let me love again
to let me love again
the louder voice!

will you pull me from the dark this time?
i'm struggling to find the light
pull me from the dark this time? the dark, this time?
the louder voice!

the sound of the soul, when it falls apart
shakes the world to its core
when every heart beats as one
what happened to them when yours stopped

tell me tell me
tell me tell me
tell me there's more to this
release release
release release
release the grip of death
they always told us there's a greater plan
but who's in charge when your life's in your own hands?

prophet, what are your words for me?
savior, am i too blind to see?
if you can create all of the stars
then why can't you mend a broken heart?

you raised your voice in the distance
begging for a light
a voice so quiet we missed it
you held onto hope so tight

tell me tell me
tell me tell me
tell me there's more to this
release release
release release
release the grip of death
they always told us there's a greater plan
but who's in charge when your life's in your own hands?

prophet, what are your words for me?
savior, am i too blind to see?
if you can create all of the stars
then why can't you mend a broken heart?

prophet, i'm trying to believe
savior, why aren't you saving me?
if you can create all of the stars
then come down and show me who you are

don't let the world devour me

tell me tell me
tell me tell me
tell me there's more to this
release release
release release
release the grip of death
tell me tell me
tell me tell me
tell me there's more to this
release release
release release
release the grip of death

another valley, another mountain to climb
searching for peace, with the chaos inside
under the pressure, under the weight of the sky
marching with madness but there's hope in our eyes

destroying the fear
ignoring the lies
embracing the pain
the strong survive
destroying the fear
ignoring the lies
it's time to decide

if you're broken, if you're bleeding
if you're dying for somebody to believe in
don't you turn back, you've got a story to tell
we'll find the path, the path out of hell

facing the thunder
facing the storm up ahead
only god knows when this journey will end
another question, another knife in the road
sometimes you have to fall, to learn where to go

destroying the fear
ignoring the lies
embracing the pain
the strong survive
destroying the fear
ignoring the lies
it's time to fight, fight, fight

if you're broken, if you're bleeding
if you're dying for somebody to believe in
don't you turn back, you've got a story to tell
we'll find the path out of hell
we'll find the path out of hell
we'll find the path, the path out of hell

with blood on our hands, the hammer will fall
when demons arise
we will kill them all

destroying the fear
ignoring the lies
it's time to fight, fight, fight

if you're broken, if you're bleeding
if you're dying for somebody to believe in
don't you turn back, you've got a story to tell
we'll find the path out of hell

we'll find the path out of hell
we'll find the path, the path out of hell

forgive me now
for i have sold my soul for gold
washed up on shore
a thousand miles away from home
just as i begin to settle into these skin and bones, alone
i find the answers to questions i have never known

is there life beyond the grave?
and will i make the same mistakes, day after day?
there must be a better way

running from time to try and keep myself alive
release my pride to keep from pushing the light aside
now as i begin to let this in
i must keep the best in mind
and remove myself from the things that are wasting my time

i know that one of these days
i'll finally see you face to face at the golden gates
will you take me or will i fade into the grave?
i know these words won't hold any weight
but please don't turn away
don't turn away from me

is there life beyond the grave?
and will i make the same mistakes, day after day?
there must be a better way
i know that one of these days
i'll finally see you face to face at the golden gates
will you take me or will i fade into the grave?
is there life beyond the grave?
and will i make the same mistakes, day after day?
there must be a better way
i know that one of these days
i'll finally see you face to face at the golden gates
will you take me or will i fade into the grave?

forgive me now
for i have sold my soul for gold
washed up on shore
a thousand miles away from home
just as i begin to settle in to these skin and bones, alone
i find the answers to questions i have never known

i gave my pain to the wind
everything keeps falling apart
i gave my pain to the wind
but heaven only knows what i've done

i gave my pain to the wind
everything keeps falling apart
i gave my pain to the wind
but heaven only knows what i've done

will you take my burdens, will you wear my scars?
will you take my burdens, will you wear my scars?

i gave my pain to the wind
everything keeps falling apart
raise me from the dead
heaven only knows where i've been

will you take my burdens, will you wear my scars?
all my scars!
will you take my burdens, will you wear my scars?
heaven only knows where i've been

where is your heart? can we beat this if we all
tear the borders, break the walls, together as one?
the cruel hand of a faithless destiny that never sleeps oh, oh-oh
the guiltless restraints assured by deceit oh, oh-oh
are we free? ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
are we all alone? ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh

if you gonna accuse me of pourin' too much salt in the wound
we have just proved that they can pollute our heads with the news
they will manipulate the masses again
if you gonna accuse me of tellin' you what you already knew
it's the same song sung with a different truth
and all of us forget it 'cause our head's inside the noose
they will manipulate the masses again
yeah, yeah, yeah, we won't forget it
you better pray for absolution
you can change but you can't deny
the new wave in a terror nation
why do we ignore the warning signs?
board it up, the borders are shut
the blood of the innocent is under the rug
white lies in a world corrupt
are we too blind to see through honest eyes?
war will cease when we refuse to fight

where is your heart? can we beat this if we all
tear the borders, break the walls, together as one?
the cruel hand of a faithless destiny that never sleeps oh, oh-oh
the guiltless restraints assured by deceit oh, oh-oh
are we free? ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
are we all alone? ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
are we all alone?

hope widows, shattered windows
restriction without effect
deadlines in silhouettes
why do we ignore the warning signs?
cold calls to derelict homes
needles at the side of the road
wires and liars like thorns that won't let go
are we too blind to see through honest eyes?
war will cease when we refuse to fight
tell me, where is your heart?

i think the silence speaks volumes
now, we march to our own drums
they're only singing what they want to be sung
hate's become the new anthem
how could you?
when did our veins run numb?
we treat our species like a fuckin' flood
hate's becomin' our new anthem

the longer i live, i learn that we don't belong
we've taken more than we can give
and you'd do better on your own
the longer i live, i learn that we don't belong
we've taken more than we can give
and you'd do better, better on your own
are we all alone?

tear the borders, break the walls, take us back to when we're all
together as one, taught to love, born to live and let go
tear the borders, break the walls, take us back to when we're all
together as one, taught to love, born to live and let go

i won't be nervous when everybody around us says, "god, we don't deserve this" and begs before they accept our fate
i want the world but i'm not prepared to work for a change
i think i'd rather be dead

i'm not anti-social, i'm anti-bullshit
i'm not anti-social, i'm anti-bullshit

you're gonna follow like a freelance sucker of the next biggest trend
we're pissing into the wind, to be heard by the indifferent
shit talker, you've double crossed your own
you're gonna suffer like a rat in the smoke

how the hell am i supposed to know
"we're only human" is a valid excuse
for why my mind is polluted?
do you want the truth or do you want to assume it?

i'm not anti-social, i'm anti-bullshit
i'm not anti-social, i'm anti-bullshit

so raise it up, up, up if you're sick of this fake smile politics
up, up if you're sick of this race we're running
what're you living for if you can't even feel it?
what is living without letting go?

how the hell am i supposed to know
"we're only human" is a valid excuse
for why my mind's polluted?
do you want the truth or do you want to assume it?

serves you right, to justify the face that keeps you up at night
the mask you wear to cover it up and we can see it in your eyes
serves you right, to justify the face that keeps you up at night
the mask you wear to cover it up and i can see it in your eyes

i'm sick of the sound
i'm sick of the hand we've been dealt
sick from the drugs that they tell me to take
i'm sick of the drugs that we take to rebel
i'm sick of corruption in wealth
sick of corruption itself
sick of division in colour, religion
when we're all the same
we're all the same
we're all the same
we're all the same

i'm not anti-social, i'm anti-bullshit
i'm not anti-social, i'm anti-bullshit

just leave it alone
my head's about to explode
so sick of the same sound syndrome
thank fuck for headphones

you are we

here lies our addiction
the price is a truce
to hide the afflicted right under our nose
tyrants deprivers of truth
take what you can
we've got nothing to lose

so come and get it
we've got nothing to lose
yeah i fucking said it
deprivers of the truth

to be honest they force this upon us
show us the path
paved with glass
sentiment at last
the knife behind your back

our smoke will paint the sky
cover up the lights that guide us
celebrate decline
we made our bed and i will lie to you
that everythings alright
we'll dam the river
we'll dam the river and try to

hide from the water
pre creation in the reign of sin
if the land has been swallowed
we'll learn how to swim
begging for our sorrow
the tides are turning

you want your countless wars
we want to count less wars
you want to point the blame
at the heretics
but you're the hypocrites
its only hate you preach
and when we call for peace
you call it anarchy
i hope your god can save you
as your devil leads the way
yeah

we've got nothing to lose
so come and get it
we've got nothing to lose
yeah i fucking said it
deprivers of the truth

it's like raking dead leaves in the wind
it's like saints living life without sins
it's like digging our graves in the sand
it's like raking dead leaves in the wind

our smoke will paint the sky
cover up the lights that guide us
celebrate decline
we made our bed and i will lie to you
that everything's alright
you are we
you are we
lucifer
you are we

oh, oh
oh, oh
oh, oh
oh, oh
oh, oh
i don't need to feel like i can't do this all on my own
oh, oh
oh, oh
oh, oh
oh, oh
oh
welcome to the guilty party

this'll be the last time that you see us playing dead yeah
we're all so malignant, bitter and twisted
it's just another blame game while you cry for help yeah
good grief, let go
defeatist, you let your demons hold you
unforsaken, like getting blood from a stone
you try to shake them but they won't let you go
and we don't have the time to stop and look at all we destroyed

with an idle mind in a real life, it's every man for himself if we're gonna survive
and when the lights go out this time, this time there's gonna be a riot whoa

one nail, out's the other
one nail, out's the other
one nail, out's the other
we shed our skin as we try to recover

your eyes shine the sun
your skin blows the wind
your eyes shine the sun
and your skin blows the wind
and your eyes
i don't need to feel like i can't do this all on my own
eyes
i don't need to feel like i can't do this all on my own

with an idle mind in a real life, it's every man for himself if we're gonna survive
and when the lights go out this time, this time there's gonna be a riot whoa

no heroin, no redeemer, life's anesthetic is sleep

welcome to the guilty party
oh, oh
everything you've done
everything you've done, you've undone with this
oh, oh
oh
shut up

your eyes shine the sun
your skin blows the wind
your eyes shine the sun
and your skin blows the wind
and your eyes
i don't need to feel like i can't do this all on my own
eyes
i don't need to feel like i can't do this all on my own
i don't need to feel like i can't do this all on my own

oh, oh
oh, oh

we won't leave till you realise
these are the reasons why we won't survive on our own
nobody gets left behind
1, 2, 3, 4

don't say you didn't see it coming
now the world's in disarray
and all that i have said comes back to haunt me

i didn't see the lights
even though they're blinding me right in the eyes
couldn't read the signs
telling me to swim against the current as they're pulling me under

i'm intoxicated, led astray by the fake
unconscious to the right solution
our minds are barely moving
we might deserve a second chance
if i can prove we're alive

don't say you didn't see it coming
now the world's in disarray
and all that i have said comes back to haunt me
don't say you couldn't see the warnings
or the wolves outside the gates
and all that i have said comes back to haunt me

we won't leave till you realise
these are the reasons why we won't survive on our own
nobody gets left behind

who told you it's ours for the taking?
every man for himself
in favour of all who trade intelligence
order for the selfish who don't deserve a second chance
if they're still picking a side

it's the dose that makes it poisonous
it tastes bitter but we're keeping our head above the surface
we're still alive although we've been bitten
it's like a sickness written into our anatomy
this is the sound of no one listening to you running your mouth
are you thinking out loud
or just can't see through the amount of shit you feel the need to surround yourself with?
you feel the need to surround yourself with
back up, i'm sick of telling you enough is enough

it takes my breath away
but i don't feel like i deserve the taste
you're missing the point, can't understand my pain
some people never change
it's like a fire without a flame

don't say you didn't see it coming
now the world's in disarray
and all that i have said comes back to haunt me
don't say you didn't see it coming
now the world's in disarray
and all that i have said comes back to haunt me
don't say you couldn't see the warnings
or the wolves outside the gates
and all that i have said comes back to haunt me

it takes my breath away
but i don't feel like i deserve the taste
you're missing the point, can't understand my pain
some people never change
it's like a fire without a flame

all my thoughts are useless
they keep me from seeing the bright light
falling down this well now
i'm reaching but it's too high
is this the end, the fall of man?
did we take nothing from the meaning of change for the masses?
we're never gonna learn
if all we do is take, take no return
blame it on the outside, close the curtains
dare me to explain why we don't deserve
the land that we fill and the blood that they spill
not a selfish intention; an order to kill
kill, kill, kill, ourselves with the question, destroy or rebuild?
singing s o s to ourselves
all my thoughts are useless
they keep me from seeing the bright light
falling down this well now
i'm reaching but it's too high
it'll take a hurricane, to clean up all the mess we made
if we're gonna fly this flag of peace, we'll need you
we need to dig this up from the roots
and if a god's looking down we'll give them something to lose
we'll give them something to lose
assailants; second nature hypocrites
tell me that it's not as bad as it may seem
surviving this death trap by the skin of our teeth
oxygen thieves. are we just oxygen thieves?
this is survival of the sickest
we're the casualties that keep living
the same shit over and over again
the end is coming
the end is coming
it'll take a hurricane, to clean up all the mess we made
if we're gonna fly this flag of peace, we'll need you
it'll take a hurricane, to clean up all the mess we made
if we're gonna fly this flag of peace, we'll need you
we need to dig this up from the roots
and if a god's looking down we'll give them something to lose
yeah, yeah!
all my thoughts are useless
they keep me from seeing the bright light
falling down this well now
i'm reaching but it's too high

so when the saints go marching in
they won't be singing for your sins
they just hope to hell you've learnt something living and breathing

everybody dies with a debt, no silence
watching death is how we live
take it or leave it , don't waste your breath
i clear my mind, deny real life
define here without borders, possessions or enemies

everybody dies with a debt, we all die for a life that we fear we will only forget
or confess to a god that we know we only hear in ourselves

bottle it up, let your problem distill
forget your dreams or fulfill them
leave no trace, waste away it's time for change

so when the saints go marching in
they won't be singing for your sins
they just hope to hell you've learnt something living and breathing

four walls in this prison
but i still can see the river
four walls in this prison, lies to poison your decisions in life
take note

now you tell me why you're living a lie
don't ignore it, now you know
i saved my soul
i sold it to the open road

i found hope in the wreckage of progress
trophies shattered and stained do what you're told
there's a mould to be broken
a light burning over your name

and i saved my soul
but i never said i wasn't the culprit
never said i wasn't deceived i saved my soul
just trying to rewrite the wrongs that were written on me
i saved my soul

everybody dies with a debt, we all die for a life that we fear we will only forget
or confess to a god that we know we only hear in ourselves

so when the saints go marching in
they won't be singing for your sins
they just hope to hell you've learnt something living and breathing

if there was a plan to fail i would've found another way
to start over again and reset
i realized that if they told us to change
then we would always stay the same
you can steal the sun but there's a light you can't replace
how does it feel to have everything you'll ever need
and know it's never gonna be, never gonna be enough?
reforming
we're all terminal
yeah, reforming
did you sell your soul to the headlines?
we'll never let you take this away from us
there's no bribe i'd take to betray this trust
teach our young why we can't survive?
bow down to the hypocrites
or the great deceivers of our innocence
did you bite your tongue with another lie?
the new wave of realistic minds
what's broken can be fixed
me and my brothers know we'll never hide
we're living in a system on the brink of sacrifice
and still...
why are we dying to live?
a sickness we're living in
from here to here
we're like a flickering flame
we're never once the same
from here to here
you can steal the sun
it wouldn't be enough
if there was a plan to fail i would've found another way
to start over again and reset
i realized that if they told us to change
then we would always stay the same
you can steal the sun but there's a light you can't replace
how does it feel to have everything you'll ever need
and know it's never gonna be, never gonna be enough?
we're all terminal
can you feel it?
we're all terminal
can you feel it?
can you feel it?
reforming
did you sell your soul to the headlines?
teach our young why we can't survive?
we're never gonna let you take this away from us
there's no bribe i'd take to betray this trust
or bow down to the hypocrites
or the great decievers of our innocence
the new wave of realistic minds
what's broken can be fixed
we're living in a system on the brink of sacrificing everything
why are we dying to live?
a sickness we're living in
from here to here
why are we dying to live?
a sickness we're living in
from here to here
we're like a flickering flame
never once the same
from here to here
let go!
the grip as you struggle for this
like the carrion crows
it's another vicious cycle
from here to hell

we've always been kept in the dark
a vision of our sanctuary
overshadowed by deceit from the start
the lie within belief
all our thoughts and uncertainties
are mirrored by our grieving plea
the breathless wind, the verse of debauchery
scorched by the tyrants of industry
she cries "what is it you want from me?"

so i will beg the feeble question
our divided species asks
if we're gunning for this
but we know that it's diminishing fast
can we at least enjoy it while it lasts?

the tidal waves of fear are bearing down on me
our confusion connects us, our deception unites us
said the nomad to the sea
what is home without these streets i know?
our destiny is at our feet
we can march without this beat i know

never say, nihlist of modern day
never say, nihlist of modern day

let's feel, let's feel this together
we are a species of course we fight
fighting started life
it's time to rectify
stop living in your fantasy lives
don't let your body be a graveyard for your mind
go!

turn it up, turn it up

this is a broadcast brought to you by the rank and file
not the back of the room
exploit our minds and keep us idolizing ignorance

there's a spark in the fuse
there's a fire inside that'll guide us through
the remains of a nation divided

said the nomad to the sea
what is home without these streets i know?
our destiny is at our feet
we can march without this beat i know
never safe, in a black market democracy
never safe, to no avail we turn the other way
to no avail we turn the other way

let's feel, let's feel this together

all of my struggles
like steel trying to become wood
but seeing it in others is a forest fire
all of my struggles
we're still trying to become one
when will we learn that all we have is enough?

said the nomad to the sea
what is home without these streets i know?
we're blinded by our needs
our destiny is at our feet
we can march without this beat i know

this empire of silence sways in the wind
leaves for the winter won't you shelter me
look in the mirror, tell me what you see
a cause for the cancer or a remedy?

every rung beneath my feet
the weight will bare on shoulders build to lean
the strength inside a seed
we're all alone
if i learn from our deceits
let the water guide us to the sea
for all our wounds to heal
we're all alone

we're building walls
where there should have been bridges
borders in the land that we roam
we pray for war like it's a fucking religion
when greed is all we know

conditioned innocent with loves intention
confused together, realize we're all the same

this empire of silence sways in the wind
leaves for the winter won't you shelter me
look in the mirror, tell me what you see
a cause for the cancer or a remedy?
pull out the knife that you've earned

this world's a loss to an age of a self loving race
with no desire to change
emergency positions please, reprieve humanity

we're building walls
where there should have been bridges
borders in the land that we roam
we pray for war like it's a fucking religion
when greed is all we know
we won't give up on the truth
we won't give in to their rules
we're not afraid of a world corrupted
we won't give up on you

pretenders
you've got a way with words
you've got a lot of nerve
pretenders
fuck this shit
i'd rather be a sinner than a hypocrite
i'm losing the will to live, i can't get enough of it, oh
there's a mirror at the end of the road

i can't do right for doing wrong, 
someone save me
scratch that, i'll be wrong on my own my own
i'm tired of wasting my time, you're overrated
i don't trust this, i don't know where i am do you?
i just can't see it for the sleight of hand
i wish i knew where to start

calling all pretenders
 evoke, provoke
dead eyes look white to the snowed, mainline the vulnerable
calling all pretenders
we're living in a world too vicious to love

we will stamp our feet and hope the devil can hear us
so he's waiting when you arrive
we won't be far behind
it's like we're feeling our way
 through the dark
there's a mirror at the end of the road

the lights are on but no one knows 
you're suffocating
don't pride yourself on denial
i'm losing my mind, you're overrated
mercy games, let go, we're hooked on you
this comfort zone will destroy us too, 
you know
we're the fiends to an end, 
you know
we're the leaders of the misled for fuck's sake

everybody's talking about the way that we destroy
and how to point the finger everywhere but in
you've got a lot of nerve
nerve, fuck this shit
i'm losing the will to live 'cause you're a fucking hypocrite

go
yeah
fuck your leaders
 yeah
yeah

we will stamp our feet and hope the devil can hear us
so he's waiting when you arrive
we won't be far behind

we will stamp our feet and hope the devil can hear us
so he's waiting when you arrive
we won't be far behind
it's like we're feeling our way
 through the dark

we are so numb to our faithless morals
we find serenity here in this chaos
we're all chancers here you know
it's why we're drawn to the 
unknown
let go

i'll be waiting for the moment
when you're out of your comfort zone
are you afraid of realising we're out of control?
did you know you'll never know?
did you know that you'll never know?
so what if i die young, so what if i live forever?
if all we love will leave us in the end, let's die together

it's a false sense of security that'll outlive us all
another step in the wrong direction and we'll cut to the core
i wouldn't have to stab you in the back
if you'd just turn and face me
will you just turn and face me?

i'll be waiting for the moment
when you're out of your comfort zone
are you afraid of realising we're out of control?
did you know you'll never know?
did you know that you'll never know?

it's the false sense of authority that will tear us apart
another step in the wrong direction and we'll cut to the core
if we don't let go
of our saviours
if we don't let go
of our saviours
because the truth owes us nothing
the guilt we feel is showing
look away, don't look away, don't look away

i wouldn't have to stab you in the back
if you'd just turn and face me
will you just turn and face me?

we're all bastards to our demons and sinners to our angels
but neither know who we are
would you really want the truth if you had the chance?
don't answer, it's too soon
we've been through worse but we'll play dead
while you keep us in the dark

you only wrote this for the money, didn't you?

they keep us in the dark

i'll be waiting for the moment
when you're out of your comfort zone
are you afraid of realising we're out of control?
did you know you'll never know?
did you know that you'll never know?
i'll be waiting for the moment
when you're out of your comfort zone
are you afraid of realising we're out of control?
did you know you'll never know?
did you know that you'll never know?
i'll be waiting
did you know, did you know, did you know you'll never know?
i'll be waiting
did you know, did you know, did you know you'll never know?
i'll be waiting
did you know, did you know, did you know you'll never know?
i'll be waiting
did you know, did you know, did you know you'll never know?

so what if i die young, so what if i live forever?
if all we love will leave us in the end, let's die together

we won't give up
we'll wait just a little more
we'll bite our tongues
this pain that we can't ignore whoa-oh-oh
tell me a reason to carry on whoa-oh-oh
when all i can see is the cracks in the wall
whoa-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh

maybe we're all insignificant
pulling in different directions
to the edge of this prison
are we living in hell?
reluctant, never the culprit
a stick in the mud
we're so self-destructive
we're never gonna wake, never gonna wake up

even if i say what's on my mind
i fear i waste my time
so please don't mind me
if i take my time

i've seen it all
and i've felt nothing
don't want no more
so show me your sins
i've seen it all
and i've found nothing
when all i can see is the cracks in the wall

no direction like the paths that i walk
through the fading light of all we've destroyed
the siren sings that song we adore
and we won't wake up
if we can't break or scratch the surface
redefine the words we obey
if we idolise our burdens
we're never gonna wake, never gonna wake up

maybe we're all insignificant
pulling in different directions
to the edge of this prison
are we living in hell?
our homes like galleries
we decorate the walls with our sins
our lives so fragile
but we live like we're invincible

i've seen it all
and i've felt nothing
don't want no more
so show me your sins
i've seen it all
and i've felt nothing
don't want no more
so show me your sins
i've seen it all
and i've found nothing
when all i can see is the cracks in the wall

we know something's wrong
but we still carry on
we won't give up
we'll wait just a little more
tell me a reason
whoa-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh

at the gates of paradise
waiting for our names to be called from above
there's an angel inside of us
if you turn a blind eye and trust that
i'll be better this time around

you can do anything you wanna fucking do
the rules were made to be disputed by the truth
did no one tell you to let go of the reins?
did no one tell you they manipulate?

send out the press, tell 'em have it for nothing
feast like a savage would on its casualty
inform the masses that
this is what you get when you don't break the habit
we breed the selfish
abandon what good and bad really meant

at the gates of paradise
waiting for our names to be called from above
there's an angel inside of us
if you turn a blind eye and trust that
i'll be better this time around

you can do anything you wanna fucking do
the rules were made to be disputed by the truth
did no one tell you to let go of the reins?
did no one tell you they manipulate?

safe to say we'll never know
how it would've been if it was to go
are we better off on our own?

at the gates of paradise
waiting for our names to be called from above
there's an angel inside of us
if you turn a blind eye and trust that
i'll be better this time around

can you feel it caressing around you every nerve?
it's too late for resolve, we're not long for this world
we're digging deeper like a parasite
it's time to wake up while we're still alive

you're only listening 'cos no one's got anything better to say
we're still singing, "fuck you, i won't do what you tell me"
oh, yeah
oh, yeah

hate to say we're biding our time
are you past the point of no return?
do your symptoms leave you satisfied?
we've got demons buried deep inside

we've got everyone to follow
but there's no one left to walk with
the shallow path of honesty
residing in our promise
and this will haunt us always
waking from the truth we lie in mourning

safe to say we'll never know
how it would've been if it was to go the other way
i like to say we're better off on our own
safe to say we'll never know
how it would've been if it was to go the other way
i like to say we're better off on our own
safe to say we'll never know
how it would've been if it was to go the other way
i like to say we're better off on our own
safe to say we'll never know
how it would've been if it was to go the other way
i like to say we're better off on our own

said the skeptic
born and bred negative
no peace for the calm collective
there's a cold war coming in
1-2-3, go!

please let me know when it's gone
it's really not the best of times
and all we've got is guided by this light within
i'll hold us both until the smoke clears
we're suffocating

sick of our society
sick of trying to fit inside a life i cannot lead
sick of always following
sick of trying to be another cog in their machine
sick of running on empty, pushing the blame
waiting for tomorrow to save us from today
there's no profit in poverty
and i'm running on empty
i'm running on empty
running myself into the ground

said the sceptic
born and bred negative
no peace for the calm collective
there's a cold war coming in
go

i feel the need
it's a darkness disease
in this dead town, lights out
the creatures come out in the streets
my ears are burning
in this circle of eyes
close the curtain and hide the knife
we're stacking up
we're piling high
we've gone too far to recognise salvation
this is civil isolation

the bitter truth of the world is fucking sickening

tear my eyes on your barbed wire facade
divides of colour and small talk
medicate for patience
dig up the graves of our saviours
civil isolation

it's all gone right to my head
wondering why we're not all dead
it's safe to say i'm not alone in this
there's something deep within we miss

there's a line in the sand that we won't look past
a cure for the pain but it's out of our grasp
if all we love will leave us asking
why do we deserve disaster?
let me know

please let me know when it's gone
it's really not the best of times
and all we've got is guided by this light within
i'll hold us both until the smoke clears
we're suffocating

sick of our society
sick of trying to fit inside a life i cannot lead
sick of always following
sick of trying to be another cog in their machine
sick of running on empty, pushing the blame
waiting for tomorrow to save us from today
there's no profit in poverty
and i'm running on empty
i'm running on empty
running myself into the ground

make sure you work to save, to pay the wage
to get the raise, so fuck today away
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake

make sure you work to save, to pay the wage
to get the raise, so fuck today away
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake
i'm wide awake, wide awake

make sure you suffer, recover and learn to forgive
mother, mother earth our only exorcist
you want fame, well they're watching you anyway
you haunt, you hide, you victimize
creep like you're unseen and paralize
are you waiting for the glass to break and fall at your feet?
to say you knew that it was coming now you know it's too late
you turned the page, it's a world away
another dose of ignorance will kill the pain

keep our attention for long enough to cover up
the truth that we're all corrupt, we fall like dominos
what they told us to trust will keep us all alone
please don't think outside the box and
make sure you work to save, to pay the wage
to get the raise, so fuck today away
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake
you haunt, you hide, you victimize
you want fame, well they're watching you anyway

we're just killing time
the sorrow is our expression a seldom promise we keep
the struggle learnt in the lesson to only live by our means
is that all we'll ever be? not me, not me, not me

keep our attention for long enough to cover up
the truth that we're all corrupt, we fall like dominos
what they told us to trust will keep us all alone
please don't think outside the box and
make sure you work to save, to pay the wage
to get the raise, so fuck today away
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake

two days to dream, after five routines
seven days to think of what we could've been
is it too late to try, escape or redefine?
the safe, the sound of life before it goes
watching others live to kill the time
why don't we live like we're alive?
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake
we swore to death that we'd never die
haunt the ghosts of a paradise i am yet to find

make sure you work to save, to pay the wage
to get the raise, so fuck today away
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake
i'm wide awake, wide awake, wide awake

everywhere i turn, there's a life on the line
a cure for a price and fuck it, there's an elephant in the room
turn the page, another headline that you already knew
paint the picture of a lie behind the truth
we're on a flatline in a sorry state of affairs
losing the will to live like we're going nowhere
they put the frighteners on us but we all hide something

enough is enough
i keep asking myself why us?
enough is enough
i keep killing myself because

you said we're only as strong as the fears we confront on the way
they won't find me praying for a hero that hides like our tears from the pain
while the angels sing
"everything will be okay"
cross my fingers, point the blame
i don't believe a word they say
"everything will be okay"
cross my fingers, point the blame
i don't believe a word they say

i'd like to think that i don't believe in anything
i'm just a heathen in disbelief
and i know, when i'm desperate i still call, don't we all?

enough is enough
we can't see what's in front of us
enough is enough
stop the world, i want to get off

you said we're only as strong as the fears we confront on the way
they won't find me praying for a hero that hides like our tears from the pain
you said we're only as strong as the fears we confront on the way
they won't find me praying for a hero that hides like our tears from the pain
while the angels sing
"everything will be okay"
cross my fingers, point the blame
i don't believe a word they say
"everything will be okay"
cross my fingers, point the blame
i don't believe a word they say

everywhere i turn
there's a life on the line, a cure for a price and fuck it
there's an elephant in the room
turn the page, another headline that you already knew
clean the slate with the water we pollute
how many times do i have to disobey to be saved?
we're already the cause but we call it a mistake, i believed it
even if it's just a figure of our imagination
the ground we walk is sacred but the grave we make is closer to hell

we all hide something
we all hide something
we all hide something

tell me, does it set you free?
and if it does then you don't need to speak
i can see it in your eyes, it's all you need
and now that i feel alive without needing to justify the meaning

tell me, does it set you free?
tell me, does it set you free?
liberate me!

we came from nothing but the truth, we won't fall for your excuses
each disguise gets more obvious
we'll see right through it
all i believe is the way we treat each other comes 'round
back around

what if i told you we won't take no for an answer?
hope your system has a plan to withstand us
what if i told we don't fit your demographic?
we can see through the mask you hide beneath

where are you now
that all your lies are crumbling?

no time for secrets
i've heard it all, believe me
when i say the walls are paper thin
we can hear everything
and you don't need to speak at all
it feels like it's all been said before
you're no longer on your own

i'll feel it all when i sleep tonight
i've seen it all but i can't see the light
lead me astray this time
i've seen it all

what if i told you we won't take no for an answer?
hope your system has a plan to withstand us
what if i told we don't fit your demographic?
we can see through the mask you hide beneath

tell me, does it set you free?
and if it does then you don't need to speak
i can see it in your eyes, it's all you need
and now that i feel alive without needing to justify the meaning

no time for secrets
i've heard it all, believe me
when i say the walls are paper thin
we can hear everything
and you don't need to speak at all
it feels like it's all been said before
you're no longer on your own
tell me, does it set you free?

when will we adopt the feeling that we belong to each other
or are we too far gone?
blind-sided, it's turning on us
six foot above contradiction
just look at what we've become

this is for the times i don't want to forget
to anyone who has a bitter regret
for the ones who ever call me a fake
i bit my tongue for your sake
keep me strong for holding on
keep us together after we're gone
i know our struggle is distance and pace
we learnt that in the choice we made
my home, made by the people surrounding me
our place, our everything
i know, there's people in the places i've been
who i know, i'll never find again
i know, there's people in the places i've been
who i know, i'll never find again
i'll never find again
i'll never find again
i'll never find again
i'll never find again
until the end of me, our dying day
our place of rest in a silent grave
the life i lead the greed i've seen
the pain alive in the honesty
i know, there's people in the places i've been
who i know, i'll never find again
i know, there's people in the places i've been
who i know, i'll never find again
this is for the times i'll never forget
for the memories we pour down our necks
for the ones who take our name after us
for the pain we call love
our homes are broken by bottles and bones
and those who don't have strength to go on
our homes are broken by bottles and bones
and those who don't have strength to go on
we are five amongst the rest
lay the six across our chest
the seven hills we keep within
under our skin from start to end
we are five amongst the rest
lay the six across our chest
the seven hills we keep within
under our skin from start to end

sleeps society

this is where it all begins
resurrection or defeat
this is revival of the living

you'll find me on the other side
with the rest of us who don't belong
in a place where you and i can feel alive
welcome to the sleeps society

this is where it all begins
i'm sick, i'm losing patience
'cause it doesn't exist
so i'm gonna create it
welcome

you'll find me on the other side
with the rest of us that don't belong
in a place where you and i can feel alive

it's the difference of opinion
drawing lines across the land we live in
you're entitled to a voice so let me hear it
resilient, it's time to be the change you want to witness
it started as a vision now we live it
the tables will turn, it won't be the first, it won't be the last
we're here to prove that we can speak for the masses
if you give what you take, you take what you give
you wanna rebuild? create a system where the people exist
all of this energy can't go to waste
if we don't take the chances then we're just the same
as the leaders who lead us away from salvation
welcome to the sleeps society

take your place, the channel's about to change
if you can't step up, step out of the way
we're broadcasting on a different wave
horns up if you're ready to break

it feels so different here now
like spiders under my skin
we're paralysed but you and i are still alive
i'm not looking for a way out way out
just a deeper meaning to the here and now

leave me in the dark with a hole for a heart
as low as i can get, burn the bridge, rip the stitch out
pick it up!

i can't pretend like it's all part of the plan
i can't hide it, blindsided
i can't fight it, it's more than i can stand
broken
but i guess you knew that it would be this way
loose ends
tie the knot and wait for your chance to run away
i could never make you stay, you'll run away
i'll always be your greatest mistake, so run away
just another game that you played, you'll run away
three years in the making
but i guess we weren't worth saving
we weren't worth saving

leave me in the dark with a hole for a heart
as low as i can get, burn the bridge, rip the stitch out
guess i'll play dead
it's all in my head
to you i don't exist
call it bliss
rip the stitch out
what?

bitter to the core
always want more
take what you can get
but i'll bet that's never enough
is it?
pull the knife out of my back
let it all fade to black
made it so clear
i think we're done here
bitter to the core
always want more
take what you can get
but i'll bet that's never enough
is it?
pull the knife out of my back
let it all fade to black
made it so clear
i think we're done here

leave me in the dark with a hole for a heart
as low as i can get, burn the bridge, rip the stitch out
guess i'll play dead
it's all in my head
to you i don't exist
call it bliss
rip the stitch out

you were the light i could never see in myself
i would've stood by you until the gates of hell

let me tell you the saddest story
love lost, left broken and empty
put my heart in the hands of another
set a fire to the past and watched me burn

somehow i guess it's better this way
looking back, was it all just a mistake?
thought i could live in the arms of another
but i guess i wasn't enough for her

i wanna feel the love you can't live without
the one that johnny cash wrote all his songs about
but i gave it all away for no return
guess it's just another lesson that i'll never learn

i've been putting myself through your hell
holding on to things that don't even matter now
you found your place in the arms of another
but now i see it's just the way the earth will turn

i wanna feel the love you can't live without
the one that johnny cash wrote all his songs about
but i gave it all away for no return
guess it's just another lesson that i'll never learn
can't seem to fill the void that lives in my chest
thought i was what you need, but i'm just second best
i'll never give it all away again i swear
don't even look for a heart, you'll find there's nothing there

i can't take it back
all the years that we spent together have come to an end
regret is all i had
not sure i would if i could do it all over again
i can't take it back
the memories, the pictures, i love you's will wither
regret is all i had
but this is the last song i'll write about you

forget my name
forget my face
it was all just empty space
deadweight; no longer part of me

get up!

this is revolution, a generation rising to become the solution
torn down by every word
silenced, no voice to be heard
so you think this is fair?
hung by their words like a noose
cross the line if you dare

they said we'd never make it out alive
they said we'd never make it out alive
they said we'd never make it out alive
they said

they said we'd never make it out alive but i broke the mold and i survived
hate is a cancer
we are the problem, love is the answer
they said we'd never make it out alive but i broke the mold and i survived
hate is a cancer
we are the problem, love is the answer

go!

if we're the troubled youth they claim that we are
condemned to sink to the depths of a world ripped apart
i'd rather spend my life believing there's hope
than be obsessed with how to tie the end of my rope

they said we'd never make it out alive
they said we'd never make it out alive
they said we'd never make it out alive
they said

they said we'd never make it out alive but i broke the mold and i survived
hate is a cancer
we are the problem, love is the answer
they said we'd never make it out alive but i broke the mold and i survived
hate is a cancer
we are the problem, love is the answer

higher and higher until we fall
deeper and deeper into this hole
shame me, you blame me, you're victimless
judge me, do nothing like all the rest
higher and higher until we fall
deeper and deeper into this hole
shame me, you blame me, you're victimless
judge me, do nothing like all the rest

i'd rather spend my life believing there's hope
than be obsessed with how to tie the end of my rope

trust is dead, like everything else you said
each word more meaningless than the next
your lips and your lies have severed the ties
i don't deserve this and you don't deserve me!

i should've known but i doubted myself
gave you every benefit of a doubt, i wanted no one else!
but i guess i wasn't enough for you!
*cough, cough, cough* bleagh!

don't pretend like we can recover, when you chose the lust of another

where did i go wrong?
i know i wasn't perfect but i certainly tried so hard
was it a moment of weakness, or was it the thrill?
did you ache for a feeling, that you faked to feel?

don't pretend like we can recover, when you chose the lust of another

i see your wandering eyes and second glances
i see, through your lies, no second chances!

cut me free, you'll never be what i need
i hope you choke on the words i was lead to believe
like a puppet on your strings; control means everything!
and in my heart, i want to forgive you
that doesn't mean i'll forget, you'll always be my regret!
you'll always be my regret!

here's to a past i'll never need
no here's to you
rest in peace!

i'm losing grip, i'm out of touch
too late to say i've had enough
it's like every breath could be my last
my demons won't stay in the past

all alone
on my own

pull me close i feel the water reach around my neck
don't let go just show me that there's better days ahead
make me see i'm only half the person i should be
pull me close set me free from this gravity

i can't move forward and keep looking back
hindsight has left me where i'm at
i tried to run but i couldn't see
that you were right beside me

all alone
on my own

pull me close i feel the water reach around my neck
don't let go just show me that there's better days ahead
make me see i'm only half the person i should be
pull me close set me free from this gravity

there is a light in the tunnel but it's distant
on my own i don't think that i can fix this
set me free from this gravity

pull me close i feel the water reach around my neck
don't let go just show me that there's better days ahead
make me see i'm only half the person i should be
pull me close set me free from this gravity
pull me close set me free from this gravity

sometimes we're left to uncover the wreckage
at the mercy of another's decision

he was almost seventeen
decided life was not worth living
put a gun to his pain
to finally make it go away

i hope you know that you're missed
and even though your shell is gone, in our hearts you still exist
i just wish you knew how much you meant
to everyone around you
to those you never met

he was too young
taken by his own hand
no one would understand
why he ended it all

but now you're gone
you left a hole in the hearts of those who treasured you the most
you may have left your mark but you left us all in the dark

so i'll sing
for the weak
for the broken, those in need
and i'll keep
my heart in reach
left wide open, set you free
you were loved

i always saw a light in you and a smile on your face
full of passion, full of purpose, ready to take your place
i guess we'll never understand why you chose to say goodbye
but when a future is as bright as yours, we are left to wonder why

he was too young
taken by his own hand
no one would understand
why he ended it all

you're never coming back
there's so many things i wish i would've said
the flashbacks replay in my head
this song is all that i have because
you're never coming back

they say that there's no hope
don't think, do what you're told
no!

we've lost our way
abandoned foundations on which we were made
we're all dying of the same disease
i looked for the answer and the problem was me

all along we've been searching for a place to call our home
you and i, will never learn if we try to do this on our own

underneath it all we are all the same all the same
never knowing where to go
lost in our way
can we ever escape?
can we decide our fate?!
let go!

i'm more than familiar with feeling like i've failed to meet everyone's expectations
when every definition of success becomes different
it's hard to really feel like you're making a difference
they say that there's no hope
don't think, do what you're told
dare to be different, to break the mold
live your life with intention
go forth and be bold

all along we've been searching for a place to call our home
you and i, will never learn if we try to do this on our own

why do we try to overcomplicate the things that used to be so simple?
so step back, you'll be able to see that your purpose in life, is not just to be

underneath it all we are all the same all the same
never knowing where to go
lost in our way
can we ever escape?
can we decide our fate?!

i've come to grips with the fact that i'll never be able to change my own past
but i've found strength, in divine, perspective
it took me twenty-one years to realize;
hope, love, and faith are how we survive
grace sustains me, pain is ending
there's, still, hope!

i buried the judgment...
i covered my tracks!
soon to be forgotten...
there's a new life ahead!
it was my hope that was fading...
i was caught in a trap!
it's the burden of failure...
i carried on my back!

let's get this straight
a lot has changed in the last year
thought i had everything together but watched it all disappear
i put my faith in the wrong things
when i woke up, it was gone, i gave up on me!
didn't even recognize myself
self-worth is not found in someone else
chase what you want, never give up!
salt the wound; all ties are cut

and now i see, i was broken to be made a better me
had to learn to let it go and let it be
sometimes we're too blind to see!
go!

the hardest lessons that we learn
are the ones where knowledge must be earned
it's what makes us human, it's what gets us through it

weighed down by the pressures of saving face
this is a dark world, i'll be your witness
witness

and now i see, i was broken to be made a better me
had to learn to let it go and let it be
sometimes we're too blind to see!

learn to let it go and let it be
learn to let it go and let it, be
learn to let it go and let it be
learn to let it go...

we all hide behind a mask
a product of our own self destructive past
we all ache for something deeper than the surface
searching for anything to break the name "worthless"
worthless
if only we could see the damage we cause ourselves
it often seems our best intentions pave the road to hell
we do it to ourselves
it's got me overwhelmed
i've never fallen this far
it's never been this dark

take me back to better days
before i was a slave to the choices that i have made
there's gotta be a better way
this can't stay

don't let me fade away, don't let me fade away
don't let me fade away, don't let me fade away
i just can't make another day
don't let me fade away, don't let me fade away
i've been torn down to nothing

we all want to be set free
enslaved to emotions or someone
we're ripping at the seams
can't seem to stop the bleeding
too blind to see the cycle repeats
feels like i'm made to fail
you pick the coffin and i'll drive the nail
you pick the coffin and i'll drive the nail

take me back to better days
before i was a slave to the choices that i have made
there's gotta be a better way
this can't stay

don't let me fade away, don't let me fade away
don't let me fade away, don't let me fade away
i just can't make another day
don't let me fade away, don't let me fade away
i've been torn down to nothing

we all hide behind a mask
we all want to be set free
we all hide behind a mask
we all want to be set free
if you can hear this
if you can feel this
don't let me fade away, don't let me fade away
if you can hear this
if you can feel this
don't let me fade away, don't let me fade away

give me a sign
tell me everything will be alright
give me a sign
these idle hands adept for a crime

don't keep on telling me that i'm gonna pull through
when you don't know low like i do

i'm afraid of the things i don't say
the thoughts in my head that keep me tossing, turning, lying awake
don't keep on telling me that i'm gonna pull through
when you don't know low like i do

i've been running away again
i've been running away again
i've been running away again
i've been running away again

i've been running away again
chasing after all the battles i can never win
i don't think that i can take much more
it feels like i've lost it all lost it all
who will save me when i can't save myself?

hard to think we were born to live this way
burning bridges, ripping stitches out to drown the pain
bleed me out, run me dry, watch the hammer fall
let the river run and bury me beneath it all

bury me
bury me beneath it all

i've been running away again
chasing after all the battles i can never win
i don't think that i can take much more
it feels like i've lost it all lost it all
who will save me when i can't save myself?

searching for answers
a cure for this cancer
it's all in my head
i'm one step from the edge

i've been running away again
chasing after all the battles i can never win
i don't think that i can take much more
it feels like i've lost it all
i've been running away again
chasing after all the battles i can never win
i don't think that i can take much more
it feels like i've lost it all lost it all
who will save me when i can't save myself? save myself
who will save me when i can't save myself?
save me

who will save me when i can't save myself?

define me as a failure
only the shadow of a man
i will suffer the judgement passed by those
who simply do not understand
who i am, the way i think
the pain that sets in underneath
and when i try to be myself it seems like
the insecurity gets the worst of me
gets the worst of me

the distance, it makes me sick
but there's a new way that i'm coping with conviction
and i don't expect you to understand it
i can't leave these words unsaid
cause it's a product of the battle that's in my head
and i can't pretend that it never haunts me

the world will never be enough for me
i'll tell you from the top, it's only skin deep
i don't know what i believe
but it's not the way it's supposed to be
over these past few years i admit that things have changed
dreams became reality but the pleasure became pain
i've loved, i've lost, you wouldn't know what it cost
after every sacrifice that i have made
i'll take this to the grave

you can be who you want to be
but your nightmares live in the same dream
go be who you want to be

the distance, it makes me sick
but there's a new way that i'm coping with conviction
and i don't expect you to understand it
i can't leave these words unsaid
cause it's a product of the battle that's in my head
and i can't pretend that it never haunts me
i don't expect you to understand it
and i can't pretend that it never haunts me

i want to be the person that i was made to be
i've only scratched the surface
i'm giving everything
i am never defined by the mistakes i've made
i have a purpose to exist, i've got something to say
there is a hope despite shortcomings we face, got no love, got no grace
through thick and thin we must stay strong
we won't lose sight
we will prevail
we will overcome
these ghosts still haunt me
it's all i have on these sleepless nights
show me that i can still be saved
show me that i'm worth saving
i know who i am
mistakes are what made me
your words, they can't change me
so go waste your breath somewhere else
i've heard it all before so keep it to yourself
i'm not a prophet, i don't have all the answers
transparent, imperfect, lost
still fighting the cancer
we often ask ourselves "is life really worth it?"
how quickly we forget every life has a purpose
i am revival
the turning point to a close minded race
open your mind, we all bleed the same
one day they'll stand at the foot of my grave
i can't help but wonder what they will say
life is a vapour
you only get one chance
will you move forward with open heart and hands?
these ghosts still haunt me
it's all i have on these sleepless nights
show me i can still be saved
show me that i'm worth saving
i want to be the person that i was made to be
i've only scratched the surface
i'm giving everything
this life is mine
this time i play for keeps

to all the ones who have helped me along the way
i owe a debt i could never repay

carried on the shoulders of strangers
no room for doubt, led by faith, never failure
you paved the way but to my dismay
the great unknown could be an early grave
on a long road with the end in our sights
tragedy takes it away like a thief in the night
i pray it's not over
won't remain broken, i'm looking for closure
i'm scared, didn't think it'd come with a cost
that people would change, that lives could be lost
i'm having nightmares where fate leaves us for dead
never imagined a price on our heads

i woke up screaming
i felt my heart sink in
i miss the days when i felt indestructible, indestructible
we're veering over lines that shake me every time
i miss the days when i felt indestructible, indestructible

it wasn't supposed to be like this
i lived in a world where darkness didn't exist
mortality is a beautiful thing
embrace it, don't waste it
you're the one who pulls the strings

heavy win, heavy loss
i'm moving forward moving forward
no matter what the cost

i woke up screaming
i felt my heart sink in
i miss the days when i felt indestructible, indestructible
we're veering over lines that shake me every time
i miss the days when i felt indestructible, indestructible

indestructible, indestructible
i still carry you with me

i woke up screaming
i felt my heart sink in
i miss the days when i felt indestructible, indestructible
so write this on my stone if i don't make it home
i tried my best but i'm not indestructible, indestructible

even through the darkest nights
all hope is not lost
all hope is not lost

deadweight
get up, get up

mirror mirror on the wall
the man i see is at fault
when did i become everything that i hate?
internally bound, i'll self-destruct
bleed out until i think i've had enough
but it never is
i swear it never is

it's like i'm out of my mind
relapse, repeat, never the last time
i can't take much more
i've never been this low before
never been this low before

deadweight all you do is
break me leave me feeling
empty how i long to be set free
you're my own misery
deadweight all you do is
break me leave me feeling
empty how i long to be set free
you're my own misery

go!

to be honest
i've grown to love the pain
so what's it worth when you can't sleep? can't think
you'll do whatever it takes to feel just the little things
trapped inside my head
i'm hanging by your thread

deadweight all you do is
break me leave me feeling
empty how i long to be set free
you're my own misery
deadweight all you do is
break me leave me feeling
empty how i long to be set free
you're my own misery

you and i are running out of time
we can't coexist
you took what was mine
so you see, it's you or it's me
now i'm seeing red, yeah
why don't you just drop dead?
why don't you just drop dead?

all you are is
deadweight all you do is
break me leave me feeling
empty how i long to be set free
you're my own misery
deadweight all you do is
break me leave me feeling
empty how i long to be set free
you're my own misery

no longer part of me
no longer part of me

i run away from everything that's good for me
when every voice that you hear is the same one
all you can think to do is run
make no mistake i'm everything i say i hate
hypocritical, lost individual, no longer worth your faith

i know i can be better than this
masquerading has never done me justice
i am what i am
a boy not yet the man that i want to be
despite what i have led you to believe
i'm nothing as i seem
no ground beneath my feet

i can't seem to get away from me
this person in the mirror's not the same one that i want to be
is there more than what i see?
sometimes it's hard to let go
when i don't know what lies in front of me

get away from me

death to self is much easier said than done
death to self is much easier said than done
pain is what has set me free
i had to go through hell to find what's best in me

still think i can be better than this
despite the weight that is my conscience
life was never fair but i am never broke beyond repair
still searching for any place that i can call my home
and even though i'm lost
i know i'm not alone

i can't seem to get away from me
this person in the mirror's not the same one that i want to be
is there more than what i see?
sometimes it's hard to let go
when i don't know what lies in front of me

if i could change myself i would
but i don't know where to begin
my grave is mine to dig
my grave is mine to dig

if i could change myself i would
but i don't know where to begin

here is to your false ideals
i am so sick of all your protesting signs
your claims disgust me!
if you really knew the god you claim to serve,
you should know there's no hate in love
this your warning, this is your fall
try and justify anything you hold to be true
try and justify anything you hold to be true

we were meant to coexist
it was never supposed to be like this!
at what cost do you think you'll be saved?

don't use his name to move all the mountains in your way
go back from where you came, have heart with what you say

you think you have all of the answers
don't think you can judge, and not be judged
no!

you use his name in vain
you're a deceiver
open your ears and bite your tongue
now listen up

protest the funerals of the ones who protect you?
innocent men and women who have died to defend you
stop biting the hand that, feeds, consumed by all your own needs

at what cost will you be saved?

don't use his name to move all the mountains in your way
go back from where you came, have heart with what you say

you're a plague to the non-believer
tell them all "you're gonna burn forever"!
you cast your stones in my father's name
there will be hell to pay
may you burn forever
there will be hell to pay

go

you learn to live with pressure when it's the only thing you feel you feel
it's never like you see, it feels like you never know what's real what's real
i don't cave on the outside
but it wears me down in my own mind

don't forget i'm human, i'm not alive for your amusement
lost in your delusion, you don't know who i am
don't forget i'm human, i've got the open wounds to prove it
and you don't get to choose it, you don't know who i am

who i am

you learn to live with judgment like it's a shadow on the wall
it's never good enough, it just wants to see you, wants to see you fall
wants to see you fall
guess that's life after all

don't forget i'm human, i'm not alive for your amusement
lost in your delusion, you don't know who i am
don't forget i'm human, i've got the open wounds to prove it
and you don't get to choose it, you don't know who i am

so sick, so sick
so sick of reading what you say
say it to my face
what?
say it to my face

don't forget i'm human, it takes all i have to do this
lost in your delusion, you don't know who i am
don't forget i'm human, i've got the open wounds to prove it
and you don't get to choose it, you don't know who i am

don't forget i'm human, you don't know who i am
don't forget i'm human, you don't know who i am
you learn to live with pressure, you learn to live with 
hate
you learn to live with judgment, you don't know who i am
who i am
who i am

i refuse to think your abandonment
has become the common place
you needed to be set free
you needed to be rid of me
running around in circles
i am just trying to place the blame
i thought we said forever
i thought you felt the same

stuck in a frame, you remain my conscience
we were broken
before we bent

i can feel it now you're there but you're not
i'm picking up what we've lost
lay me in the ground
just throw it away
there's nothing more you can say

i'd like to think that the love that we had
was different than the rest
cause i never felt that way
i never would have second guessed
but things are different now
being selfless let me down
never again will i let you in

i'm not as strong as you think
i'm tired, i'm weak
like an anchor tied to my feet
you left me to sink
you left me to sink

stuck in a frame, you remain my conscience
we were broken
before we bent

i can feel it now you're there but you're not
i'm picking up what we've lost
lay me in the ground
just throw it away
there's nothing more you can say
i can feel it now
no turning back this time, i'll leave it all behind
lay me in the ground i can feel it now

i did everything i could to rise above
i gave you all i had
but it was never enough
it was never enough
set free

i've waited all my life for this chance to prove
myself to the ones who think i'm of no use
so mark my words, run your mouth when nobody's around
no one remembers the cowards
when they're 6 feet beneath the ground

bring it!

so mark my words, run your mouth when nobody's around
no one remembers the cowards
when they're 6 feet beneath the ground

is it me against myself? i feel like someone else
'cause i can't find my way back home and i don't wanna do it alone
is it me against myself? and everybody else?
'cause i can't fix this on my own, i don't wanna do it alone

had a talk with myself
try to smile and wish me well
feel like i'm a broken shell
hard to lie when you're overwhelmed
it still hurts when you're numb
every walk becomes a run
it's getting hard to hold on
when you come undone

'cause lately everything around keeps changing
i been thinking that maybe, maybe i'm to blame
maybe we're both the same

is it me against myself?
i feel like someone else
'cause i can't find my way back home and i don't wanna do it alone
is it me against myself
and everybody else?
'cause i can't fix this on my own and i don't wanna do it alone
alone, alone
no, i don't wanna do it alone
alone, alone

it's hard to look back
when you have to face the facts
that the person that i was
isn't coming back

'cause lately everything around keeps changing
i been thinking that maybe, maybe i'm to blame
maybe we're both the same both the same

is it me against myself?
i feel like someone else
'cause i can't find my way back home and i don't wanna do it alone
is it me against myself
and everybody else?
'cause i can't fix this on my own and i don't wanna do it alone
alone, alone
no, i don't wanna do it alone
alone, alone

lately everything around keeps changing
i been thinking that maybe, maybe i'm to blame
maybe we're both the same both the same
lately everything around keeps changing
i been thinking that maybe, maybe i'm to blame
maybe we're both the same
maybe we're both the same
is it me against myself?
i feel like someone else
'cause i can't find my way back home and i don't wanna do it alone
i feel like someone else

is it me against myself?
i feel like someone else
'cause i can't find my way back home and i don't wanna do it alone
is it me against myself
and everybody else?
'cause i can't fix this on my own and i don't wanna do it alone
alone, alone
no i don't wanna do it alone
alone, alone

alone, alone
had a talk with myself
try to smile and wish me well
alone, alone
feel like i'm a broken shell
hard to lie when you're overwhelmed

the blood stains on my hands
our three year, one night stand
love is bitter when it's spent
lying next to me in bed
say her name under my breath sleeptalk
it's toxic, the same dance
our feet firm in quicksand
love is bitter when i see
how much i can make you bleed
until you feel like you're deceased sleeptalk

into the night, i drink and drive
anything to help me let go, let go
you feel the pain, i feel the same
but we cannot repeat this cycle

oh
the worst is yet to come
oh
the worst is yet to come

no please don't be alarmed
we tend to fall apart
i'm entirely to blame
no, i couldn't keep you safe
if there's trust i will betray sleeptalk
sunset, sunrise
it's better you're not mine
i had everything to lose
always find a way to prove
that i'm undeserving of you

into the night, i drink and drive
anything to help me let go, let go
you feel the pain, i feel the same
but we cannot repeat this cycle

oh
the worst is yet to come
oh
the worst is yet to come

i play the victim, like it's tradition
now i can see that i should have left you alone
the worst is yet to come
one day you'll see
that the truth is, i am just a disease
i am just a disease
i am just a disease

the worst is yet to come
the worst is yet to come
oh
the worst is yet to come
oh
the worst is yet to come

i play the victim, like it's tradition
now i can see that i should have left you alone
oh
the worst is yet to come

been on the road, losing track of days
i pull you in while you pull away
it's like i always play to lose you
i saw your eyes filling up with tears
you pulled the plug and then you disappeared
this home has never felt so empty

effortless, the way you left me
cut me open with your own two hands
breathing is so difficult to comprehend
when the air i breathe is taken from me

it's my fault that you're gone
i've been digging in the dirt, finding every way to hurt
there's no light, it's just dark
feel my body growing numb
watch me as i come undone

is there relief in the misery?
thought we would last for eternity
forever i will feel this hollow
it's not enough to believe in me
and now i'm left with the memories
one day i'll learn to live without

effortless the way you left me
now the air i breathe is taken from me

it's my fault that you're gone
i've been digging in the dirt, finding every way to hurt
there's no light, it's just dark
feel my body growing numb
watch me as i come undone
a burial plot for you and i
where we can both learn to die
it's my fault that you're gone
i've been digging in the dirt, finding every way to hurt

it's my fault that you're gone
there's no light, it's just dark

it's my fault that you're gone
i've been digging in the dirt, finding every way to hurt
there's no light, it's just dark
feel my body growing numb
watch me as i come undone
a burial plot for you and i
where we can both learn to die
it's my fault that you're gone
i've been digging in the dirt, finding every way to hurt

a burial plot for you and i
where we can both learn to die

i've been noticing my clothes fit a little bit looser
worried is an understatement, when you don't have a future
schizophrenic borderline, hear it in my sleep
dying is a victory if it will bring me peace
starved with no regard
'cause i can go a little bit longer

falling, i'm falling so far away
hold out your hand when i start to break
don't leave me all alone
skin deep, no one has to know

i've been noticing my bones show a little bit clearer
i don't recognize who i see
reflected in the mirror
thinner, i'm not bitter of the cards that i've been dealt
i would give up everything to be somebody else
starved with no regard
'cause i can go a little bit longer

falling, i'm falling so far away far away
hold out your hand when i start to break start to break
don't leave me all alone
skin deep, no one has to know

try every night to swallow more than my pride
but i'm starving to be empty
i bite my tongue so i don't feed off your love
'cause i'm, starving to be empty
falling, i'm falling so far away
hold out your hand when i start to break

falling, i'm falling so far away far away
hold out your hand when i start to break start to break
don't leave me all alone
skin deep, no one has to know
don't leave me all alone
skin deep, no one has to know

you have bones, they have to break
so stay drunk for the weekend
peace of mind, on borrowed time
so forget what you're thinking
temporary fiction
can't control your diction
speak slow
told me that you see her
told you that's the reaper
but you know

where can you run
where can you hide

you have guilt, for your mistakes
so stay drunk 'til the year ends
hallucinate, you see her face
and praise her like a godsend
dopamine deficient
crave her like an addiction, let go
heaven on the weekend
diving off the deep end
breathe slow

where can you run
when the air gets thinner every step you take
where can you hide
when death is coming closer
and all at once you will find
this is what it takes to be alive

you have loved, and you have lost
so stay drunk if it hurts less
prescription-fed, to fix your head and nothing can repair it
father, does it kill you?
to see what we were put through by her
bottom of the deep end, covered in a cold sweat
burn slow

where can you run
when the air gets thinner every step you take
where can you hide
when death is coming closer
and all at once you will find
this is what it takes to be alive

this is what it takes
where can you run
when the air gets thinner
where can you hide
when you're drunk and bitter
and all at once you will find
this is what it takes to be alive

this is what it takes
where can you run

through these eyes, i watched you take
the spark that fights to illuminate
trade her soul for your sickening needs
you are a cancer i will eradicate
it makes me sick
to watch you prey upon the innocent
but i can't stand by and simply be a witness
with each fist that splits open my skin
my legs fall as i fail to defend

tell me how you still can fall asleep
when she hasn't shown her face in weeks
tried to believe that she could outrun these demons
it's inhuman to be so cold
the vultures came and picked and pulled apart
the hell that's in her head

don't you see yourself for who you really are
the vultures came and picked and pulled apart
the hell that's in her head
from wishing you were dead

the bloodstained pavement is the only thing my eyes succeed at seeing
i'm slipping quick into unconsciousness
but i meant it when i said it, you're so pathetic

worthless
despicable waste
and when she's screaming out for help
could you hear a thing she said?
the catalyst to keep her up at night

don't you see yourself for who you really are
the vultures came and picked and pulled apart
the hell that's in her head
from wishing you were dead

though she may forgive, the day won't come that she'll forget
but you are the reason that she stays awake at night
though she may forgive, the day won't come that she'll forget
so when i call your name to seal your fate, you better listen
you better listen

kicked in the teeth, the vultures circle around me and i see
no hope, no peace
i fade to black with the dark surrounding
no hope, no peace
i fade to black, i fade to black

with my return, the water began to rise
it suffocates and buries you in the tide
bound to the anchor, still sinking deeper
i sat with you, slowly watching us die
keeping you safe fell out of my sight
bound to the anchor, still sinking deeper

reaching up, reaching up, reaching up
reaching up towards the surface of the ocean
but i know i am buried too deep
feel the sun's burning light when you start to rise
and i'll be cold at the bottom

walked on the water but now i sink
to this cold, dark cemetery
suspended in darkness, i've lost my mind it seems
from the visions of watching you spend your life with him
my reality is so crippling

reaching up towards the surface of the ocean
but now i know i am buried too deep
feel the sun's burning light when you start to rise
and i'll be cold at the bottom
i am the anchor that you had to break away from
i'm sorry i can't be the lighthouse to guide you
when you're lost at sea

take away, take away, take away my broken lungs
there was a hole in my heart
but it's grown to be completely numb
a fragment sustains this numbing pain no hope
how can i know hope? no peace
dreams of drowning in the dark surrounding
the ice freezes the water where i sleep
i've lost the will to find a cause to breathe
but you couldn't care less
so cold, at the bottom

cut me out from perdition
set my soul in suspension
cut me out from my body
i'll drown in the void

reaching up towards the surface of the ocean
but now i know i am buried too deep
feel the sun's burning light when you start to rise
and i'll be cold at the bottom
i am the anchor that you had to break away from
i'm sorry i can't be the lighthouse to guide you
when you're lost at sea
when you're lost at sea
when you're lost at sea

i think i have a problem
these blackened eyes are bloodshot
lost like a fiend, i don't feel
what you feel for anyone or anything
broken but i don't need, i don't need you to fix me
numb to the pain, i could drown in the rain
my demon's safe, kept in my grave

drunk off mistakes, addicted to the everlasting hell
so i take another drink, throw up in the sink
the darker that it gets the easier i can breathe

if i have a heart, why am i so cold?
if you love me still i don't feel it
i always knew in the end that i'd become a crooked soul
that i'd become a crooked soul

i see a devil in myself, inflicting all the grief and doubt
i don't feel feel anything

drunk off mistakes, addicted to the everlasting hell
so i take another drink, throw up in the sink
the darker it gets the easier i can breathe

if i have a heart, why am i so cold?
if you love me still i don't feel it
i always knew in the end that i'd become a crooked soul
don't need your help, time will tell
my only concern is myself
i always knew in the end
that i'd become a crooked soul

don't need your help, time will tell, i see a devil in myself
i see the devil in myself
lost like a fiend, i don't feel
what you feel
for anyone or anything

if i have a heart, why am i so cold?
if you love me still i don't feel it
i always knew in the end that i'd become a crooked soul
don't need your help, time will tell, my only concern is myself
i always knew in the end that i'd become a crooked soul
i always knew in the end that i'd become a crooked soul

crooked soul
i see a devil in myself

bruised and bleeding
the embers glow
you couldn't cover her shade of gold
the victim of your own attack
a waste of breath, distorted past
your soul forever remains the color black

wounded and scarred
open your arms
so apathetic when you let it leave a mark
spineless, you're violent
when you can't get away from yourself
you treat your closest like wasted moments
bruised and bleeding
don't blame your father
when you are the cancer
she can't get out of bed, how could she leave
too scared to face reality
if you could think without your fist
and feel the pain that you inflict
surely you would have to cut your limbs
but your soul is the color black

spineless, you're violent
when you can't get away from yourself
you treat your closest like wasted moments
bruised and bleeding
don't blame your father
when you are the cancer
she can't get out of bed, how could she leave
too scared to face reality
if you could think without your fist
and feel the pain that you inflict
surely you would have to cut your limbs
but your soul is the color black

bruised and bleeding
the embers glow
you couldn't cover her shade of gold
the victim of your own attack
a waste of breath, distorted past
your soul forever remains the color black
wounded and scarred, held in your arms
you feel the pain that you inflict

bleeding but the embers glow
reflecting her shade of gold
watch her as she turns her back
you remain the color black
bleeding but the embers glow
reflecting her shade of gold
watch her as she turns her back
you remain the color black

if you're gonna leave, leave as fast as you came
your gravity is quick to put me in my place
learning how to let it not affect
burning through me like a cigarette
the further we grow, the stronger your hold

separate my skin from every bone
i'm a prisoner when i can feel you close
you keep pushing me away, telling me to stay
wish i could erase you from my brain
you make it so hard to feel love
when i'm already numb

you don't wanna leave 'til you're sling 'round my wrist
you can pull the ends, cut me how you see fit
learning how to make a fool of me
always seem to wanna ruin it
the further we grow, the stronger your hold
i couldn't stop your exit
i never felt so desperate
the ghosts i see consistently
leave as fast as you came

separate my skin from every bone
i'm a prisoner when i can feel you close
you keep pushing me away, telling me to stay
wish i could erase you from my brain
you make it so hard to feel love
when i'm already numb

if you reap what you sow
twist that knife in me slow
i'll bleed out on the floor
if you can close that open door
if you reap what you sow
twist that knife in me slow
i'll bleed out on the floor
it's better i feel nothing

separate my skin from every bone
i'm a prisoner when i can feel you close
you keep pushing me away, telling me to stay
wish i could erase you from my brain
you make it so hard to feel love
when i'm already numb
i'm already numb

write these words down
because they might be the last that you hear from me
swore an oath for, for worse or for better
but i'm left here writing in my death letter
what a crippling thought to imagine it might never reach you
just know, though, i'm lost
you're my compass when i search for rescue

we lost ourselves, caught in a tidal wave
searched every direction, but i found no one the same
when you find yourself coming across a picture of us
tell me truthfully, was i your only one?
would you fall apart when you'd try
to erase every moment lost in time?
my love had a home in your heart
and i'll die knowing you were my counterpart

i wanted to be the one to keep you warm when you were cold
watch our lives play out, but i will be gone while you grow old
grant me this last request before i meet the hands of death
when i'm buried in the dirt, remember us for what it's worth

we lost ourselves caught it a tidal wave
searched every direction, but i found no one the same
when you find yourself coming across a picture of us
tell me truthfully, was i your only one?
would you fall apart when you'd try
to erase every moment lost in time?
my love had a home in your heart
and i'll die knowing you were my counterpart
my counterpart

you filled out my empty pieces
all the parts that i lacked
but i dragged you through hell and back
my hands bruised and bloody before i had an epiphany
that i couldn't see, i was already in my tomb
this might be the last time i will ever speak
so listen to me, please

would you fall apart when you'd try
to erase every moment lost in time?
my love had a home in your heart
and i'll die knowing you were my counterpart
my counterpart, my counterpart

how could you hope for me to be saved
when you're judging me from the front of the gates
hell isn't make believe
it's the silence that lasts between you and me
i'm living in a battle
between your faith and my dismay
you're living in a chapel
but treat me like your personal plague

drown in the water
burn in the fire
god was not the one that ever held me together
lead the way to crucify, will it lead you to heaven?

hell isn't make believe
it's the silence that lasts between you and me
you pray when there's a crisis
with folded hands, down on your knees
the grace is undeserving, if you don't practice what you preach
you used to know me
but you let go slowly
it must be lonely, being so holy

drown in the water
burn in the fire
god was not the one that ever held me together
lead the way to crucify, will it lead you to heaven?

you used to know me, but you let go slowly
words written by the hands of men
and you call it divine intervention
gates of ivory
don't fall, don't fall
gates of ivory
don't fall from your tower
it must be lonely, being so holy

drown in the water
burn in the fire
god was not the one that ever held me together
lead the way to crucify, will it lead you to heaven?
drown in the water
burn in the fire
burn in the fire

gates of ivory
don't fall don't fall

not meant to be a father on this day
i'm not a bad man, yet cruel fate has ripped my daughter away
not much for praying but i'm on my knees pleading for answers to this senseless passing
why would someone think the best time to die is before they have the chance to open their eyes?
don't say another word to comfort me; i'm not okay and i don't need blind faith

the more i'm trying to let go, the more that it's killing me
why am i burying my child? when i'm wishing it was me in that grave
i should not be burdened with this pain, it's not fair to us-i'm giving up
oh, i died inside when i know, she'll never see the sun rise

my daughter will never see the sun rise
taken away before she had the chance to open her eyes
this is not god working in mysterious ways
this is the work of a coward who's either dead or won't show his face

the more i'm trying to let go, the more that it's killing me
why am i burying my child? when i'm wishing it was me in that grave
i should not be burdened with this pain, it's not fair to us-i'm giving up
oh, i died inside when i know, she'll never see the sun rise

i let that cold wave cover me
what's the point in gasping for air when i don't even want to breathe?
time will not heal these wounds, i'll grow old and she'll still be fast asleep
what am i supposed to do now?
who am i expected to understand?
when i'm still reaching for those little hands to let me know, that this is just a bad dream and she'll be there when i wake up

the more i'm trying to let go, the more that it's killing me
why am i burying my child? when i'm wishing it was me in that grave
i should not be burdened with this pain, it's not fair to us-i'm giving up
oh, i died inside when i know, she'll never see the sun rise

she'll never see the sun rise, no she won't
i know that you're at peace but i won't look for you in the clouds
i'll keep you in my heart 'til the sun burns out

abandon me
face down in the gutter with no will to pick myself up
left me to rot in that bed for another
another one to take my place and your face is a fading memory
a fading memory
so, tell me how you sleep at night, knowing you left before i was awake?

before you leave to turn and run
i've got a mind to tell you what a disappointment
you have made of yourself in a single moment
see i'd prefer my eyes were blind
than to sit and watch you leave me behind

so, tell me how you sleep at night, knowing you left before i was awake?
now i feel my heart divide
knowing how quickly you cast me aside

you can't fathom what it's like
the subtle hell trapped in my mind
and at the end of the tunnel
you were the light, shining so bright
what's the point when it always seems to die?
left me to rot for another to die alone
keep living your life like i never mattered to you

before you leave to turn and run
i've got a mind to tell you what a disappointment
you have made of yourself in a single moment
see i'd prefer my eyes were blind
than to sit and watch you leave me behind

so, tell me how you sleep at night, knowing you left before i was awake?
now i feel my heart divide
knowing how quickly you cast me aside
abandon and run, just like i did to you
so i don't see how you sleep at night
knowing you left before i was awake

you don't know what it's like
to open your eyes to a dead light
give up on me, i gave up on you
the first reaction is to abandon
abandon me
give up on me, i gave up on you
give up on me, i gave up on you

my daughters and my sons
i fear our end has come
don't stay awake just to find it's too late to turn back time
i'm sorry if it hurts
but i won't speak one word
my mind is confined, draped in chains
the voices i hear echo

crash and burn
promise i won't return
faster i crash and burn
the more that i lose concern

the surface of the sun
too close to not be touched
hold me in place while i disintegrate and turn to dust
i don't wanna die
having wasted all my time
on hating those i hurt
tears fill my eyes, oh, it stings
the earth will turn while you sing

crash and burn
promise i won't return
faster i crash and burn
the more that i lose concern
crash and burn
won't return
crash and burn
the more i lose concern

watch me as i fall
safe and sound
my sick thoughts
the one you loved
forever lost
crash and burn
down on my knees
alone in my prison
crash and burn
reaching that there is nothing

held in place i disintegrate
feel my heart start to separate
one last look to remember me
there is nothing
there is nothing left
held in place i disintegrate
feel my heart start to separate
one last look to remember me
there is nothing left

tired but i simply can't sleep
my hand on my heart but it keeps skipping beats
i know there is a man in my place
he put a ring on your finger and showed i'm a waste of your-
time passed and proved everyone right
but if i'm in the wrong, then why do i feel like i let go of the love of my life?
i should have fought for you when i had the chance

i took you for granted and let you walk out on the home we built
what the hell am i supposed to do without you?
i should have fought for you when i had the chance

i didn't see you when you were here
and now i see you everywhere
i wear a disguise protecting my pride, pretending that i am happy
you abandoned my world, had a baby girl, there's no coming back for us
your daughter is perfect, she has your eyes
the winter is colder when i fall asleep without you at my side
i should have fought for you when i had the chance

i took you for granted and let you walk out on the home we built
what the hell am i supposed to do without you?
i should have fought for you when i had the chance
should have fought for you

winter will pass and i may relapse
but it's better to have you and lose you than to never have loved you at all
loved you at all

there is a hole in my heart
there is a hole in my heart
there is a hole in my heart
there is a hole in my heart
there is a hole in my heart
there is a hole in my heart

i take a breath and try to recollect
who i am and where i've been
i don't recognize my own face
i don't even remember my name

what doesn't kill you makes you weaker
when you're hooked up to synthetic machines
just so you can breathe

am i sinking or just dreaming?

trapped in a vessel going nowhere
i try to reach you, but no words escape
could you blame me if i felt like giving up?
tell me this cold, dark winter won't last forever

the cynic in me is screaming to pull the plug and leave
to decease must be better than purgatory
the cynic in me is telling you to leave
but i can't justify the end of life with no goodbye
it was just like a dream when i saw you at my bed
felt your hand latching on, but no grip could be given back
i see her in my room crying tears for my endless sleep
i'd trade places, embrace it so you wouldn't face it alone

because i am
trapped in a vessel going nowhere
i try to reach you, but no words escape
could you blame me if i felt like giving up?
tell me this cold, dark winter won't last forever
tell me this cold, dark winter won't last forever

leave me to rot in this hospital
what a burden i must be
i don't blame you if you leave
the cynic in me is screaming to pull the plug and leave
i feel a hand reach into my dream pulling me from purgatory

it's been a long time coming, the consequence of why my pride got the best of me
now it's been two years and we still don't speak
it's been a long time coming, the consequence of why my pride got the best of me
now it's been two years and we still don't speak

when we first met, i knew even then that you were different
i felt the earth stand still any time you were here
but the cheating, the lying, the act of denying it doesn't always end up here
here with nothing and you're so far from me
i held that burden on top of my shoulders
with every day, not a single word and all i said seemed to fall on deaf ears
if our bodies are still so cold
then why do you beg and plead for me to never let go?

we sleep on a bed of broken glass
a place to rest but it still cuts through your skin
tell me where we stand when you're standing beside him
goodbye again for the last time

i used to see that flicker of light off in the distance but it always burns out
do your eyes see that flicker of light?
'cause all i see is pitch black
you and i, we sleep on a bed of broken glass
every photograph to depict how perfect your life is
that should be me in those captured fragments of your memory

we sleep on a bed of broken glass
a place to rest but it still cuts through your skin
tell me where we stand when you're standing beside him
goodbye again for the last time

our love was a sinking ship bound to fail from the day we met
you accept the love that you think you deserve
so you'll be miserable with him and i'll still be waiting here
we watched that city burn bright, the sky filled with embers and your hand in mine
how i wish you would suddenly appear
the world was so quiet when you were here
we watched that city burn bright, the sky filled with embers and your hand in mine
how i wish you would suddenly appear
the world was so quiet when you were here

you should be ashamed of the trash you let between your legs
you are a snake in the grass who won't hesitate to stab me in the back
don't mean to be too brash
i'll speak my peace, then you can get back
to fucking anything that shows the smallest shred of interest
every word that leaves your tongue, is another lie to break my trust
keep my name from your thoughts and keep that mouth shut

when the hell did you get so damn caught up in the act of tearing out my heart?
of all the people i've come across in my life, you are the bottom of the barrel

i know i've said this once, but i guess i'll have to be more clear
i'll say it over again, i'll be sure to speak up
fuck, you and your negativity
and you can take back oh
you can take back all the things you ever said to me
said to me

i tried to fix your old ways
but you still managed to fuck it all up
and i held you in the highest regard, but now we learn to sleep alone

when the hell did you get so damn caught up in the act of tearing out my heart?
of all the people i've come across in my life, you are the bottom of the barrel

the thought of it makes my stomach turn, envisioning him sliding off your shirt
and when he climbs on top, do you see my face and wish that it would stop?
remember this face
this is the last time you'll see it
now learn to live inside the hell you embrace
no longer blissful and ignorant
my eyes are open wide
i see right through your lies
it's the nail in our coffin
it's the burning of bridges
it's the immeasurable hell
couldn't keep your hands to yourself

i can't seem to think straight
i've gone completely insane
'cause though you're deceased and buried beneath
i still hear you, six feet under

i woke up to nothing but i don't feel it
they told me the cold sleep had caught up
all the time i wasted hating you but let's face it
killing what you create as i'm calling out your name
and even though i know your heart has stopped beating
you're still speaking to me
i've built this barricade
brick by brick the structure pushed you under
say the dead won't speak
but my sanity begs to differ

i can't seem to think straight
i've gone completely insane
cause though you're deceased and buried beneath
i still hear you, six feet under
six feet under

no, please don't rip her soul away
cause i'm standing at her grave
and i refuse to accept she's gone
doctor i'm on my knees
no medicine can keep
my head from hearing the words she's saying
i've built this barricade
brick by brick the structure pushed you under
say the dead won't speak
but my sanity begs to differ

i can't seem to think straight
i've gone completely insane
'cause though you're deceased and buried beneath
i still hear you, six feet under
i can't sleep to save my life
your tied tongue just keeps me up at night
'cause though you're deceased and buried beneath
i still hear you, six feet under

if the blood stopped pumping through your veins
then why do i hear you screaming out my name?
over and over again
i never failed to remind you everyday
what a mess of a mother you became
but my regrets slowly eat away

i can't seem to think straight
i've gone completely insane
'cause though you're deceased and buried beneath
i still hear you, six feet under
i can't sleep to save my life
your tied tongue just keeps me up at night
'cause though you're deceased and buried beneath
i still hear you, six feet under

i want the procedure done right away
erase her from my thoughts, eradicate each memory
i used to believe that you would save me but as i'm drifting off to sleep
i know that you'll be gone by morning

we laid out on the ice and i'm just exactly where i want to be, i've never felt that
your impulse to throw me out has caused both our minds to drown in a sea of dying memories

we trace our footsteps back and put our time here to rest
but i can't remember anything without you, so when i wake, there will be nothing left

how could i have suppressed the memory of the day we first met?
please let me keep this one
i want to call it off, can somebody wake me up?
i don't want this anymore

we laid out on the ice and i'm just exactly where i want to be, i've never felt that

we trace our footsteps back and put our time here to rest
but i can't remember anything without you, so when i wake, there will be nothing left
i'm holding on to your love but they won't stop 'til it's dead
you and i both know soon it will be over, so we cherish all that we have left

clementine, i tried to rip you from my mind
each prayer accepted, each wish resigned
how happy is the blameless vestal's lot
the world forgetting by the world forgot
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
each prayer accepted, each wish resigned

we trace our footsteps back and put our time here to rest
but i can't remember anything without you, so when i wake, there will be nothing left
i'm holding on to your love but they won't stop 'til it's dead
you and i both know soon it will be over, so we cherish all that we have left

i'll find you when i wake and we'll try again
i'll meet you in montauk my dear old friend

holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead
holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead
holy roller

stand to the left of me in paradise
holy ghosts will

born of blood in seraphim
to grip the nazarene
crown of god, you wear it thin
to come and rapture me

holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead
holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead

stand to the left of me in paradise
holy ghosts will
fade into oblivion like a blade
falling slowly, curse the holy down

and when i die, you won't pray for me
that's when i learn to cut my ties
and when i die, you won't pray for me
that's when i learn to cut my ties

holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead
holy roller

stand to the left of me in paradise
holy ghosts will
fade into oblivion like a blade
falling slowly

i say my blessings all for you
i feel it fade from the inside
i open up to adore you
but everything was just a crutch to preserve life

serotonin like a loaded gun
i am a coward, you pull me up
into a place where there's nothing that's left for me
but insecurity

and if i lose myself, blessed be
i could survive in these chemicals for you
a lonely fool above, just out of reach
i could survive in these chemicals only for you

i say my blessings all for you
you say blessed be the fool who
plucks out the eyes just to listen in frequency
it's just a crutch to ignore you

serotonin like a loaded gun
i am a coward, you pull me up
into a place where there's nothing that's left for me
but insecurity

and if i lose myself, blessed be
i could survive in these chemicals for you
a lonely fool above, just out of reach
i could survive in these chemicals for you

entombed to die
in catacombs of restless bones
consumed alive
this is my home
i'm waiting here for you

i say these blessings all for you
i say these blessings all for you
i say these blessings all for

offer me
i have the heart of a coward
offer me
i have the heart of a coward
so open up my sternum
the only constant is a crutch
the only blessing that i know

if i lose myself, blessed be
i could survive in these chemicals for you
a lonely fool above, just out of reach
i could survive in these chemicals for you

entombed to die entombed to die
in catacombs of restless bones
consumed alive consumed alive
this is my home
i'm waiting here for you

i offer my life
cursed in this shrine
broken roots entwined
and i feel my insides breaking down
bury it in time

i want to be part of light
detritus, open up my mind
if that's what you like
your lesions will blur the line

i, i had a dream of schism, force the rule of nines
living in premonition, flowing from
the same place i learned to give in
it's such a strange place so full of opposing forces
i, i had a dream of schism, force the rule of nines

in time i learned the rules of a sadist
entwined till there's nothing left to strain
no body full of pain to take from

they said it's a cruel world
i learned the rules of a sadist
so i lay myself down in the shape of a body
i live in the figurative

i want to be part of light
detritus, open up my mind
if that's what you like
your lesions will blur the line

i, i had a dream of schism, force the rule of nines
living in premonition, flowing from
the same place i learned to give in
it's such a strange place so full of opposing forces
i, i had a dream of schism, force the rule of nines

my shrine
premonition die
i learn to give

i am a prisoner here
weave the synthetic when wrapping up my wrists
i don't truly dream when you're near
loosen aesthetics remain asphyxiated on the paint peeling back from the door
now i can see you for what you are
she drew the shape on the floor
now i can see the full spectrum

how can i feel existential dread?
it's my fear
i am eternal

hurt me with your mouth, make me settle down
whispering the words on the wind as they blow
heartbeat in the nest, pressure on my chest
where did all the signs of the dissonant go?
and when they tell me they pray for me and they lack a certain empathy
the enemy hits me so low
so the circles on the ground make me settle down
hurt me, give me something from nothing
this is the lie that you come from

meet me down in the mud
she is the mother and she loves it when we all hurt each other
proud that her children are weak
i am a language that you have hidden in a syllable
and now you're refusing to speak

i don't even cry anymore
i don't even cry anymore

hurt me with your mouth, make me settle down
whispering the words on the wind as they blow
heartbeat in the nest, pressure on my chest
where did all the signs of the dissonant go?
and when they tell me they pray for me and they lack a certain empathy
the enemy hits me so low
so the circles on the ground make me settle down
hurt me, give me something from nothing
this is the lie that you come from

my skin crawls, my chest heaves
punish me

my skin crawls, my chest heaves
punish me
my skin crawls, my chest heaves
punish me

it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara mara

it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara mara

it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara
it's the effect of the mara mara

you say the pain will liberate me
you turn my body into knots, and tell me it's a blessing
you say you love me in this shape
that there is beauty in my suffering

i wonder, would i stay if you asked for it?
you still create the shape, and i ask for it

i gave my heart in pieces
please release me, i'm tired
don't try to pacify me
please release me, i'm tired

i'm slipping away
no discipline, just let me be
and now my body starts to worry
put down the words, i will not hesitate
this is your chance, make me relatable
knock me down with your false intentions
it turns to ash in my mouth
i need you gone, i beg you to release me

now, i turn my body into something
into the shape you find so trusting
i could never be that shape
you caught me slipping

farther down in madness
echo chamber nod your
leave my body in peace
no need to pacify me
nod your head yes
the pain will set you free

i gave my heart in pieces
please release me, i'm tired
don't try to pacify me
please release me, i'm tired
please release me, i'm tired

leave my body in peace
no need to pacify me
leave my body in peace
no need to pacify me

you find escape in the reverie
this is the beauty of suffering
you find escape in the reverie
this is the beauty of suffering

i love you, i always will
my heart is always still
i love you, i always will
my heart is always still

please release me, i'm tired
you find the strength in the reverie
please release me, i'm tired
this is the beauty of suffering
please release me, i'm tired
you find the strength in the reverie
please release me, i'm tired
this is the beauty of suffering

you look alive like there's color inside your skeleton faces
i'm sorry i'm so familiar, i forget that we're changing
this is a trust fall, i couldn't commit
this is a trust fall, i couldn't commit
you look alive like there's color inside
you wither away

if you could see me now

i'm not the one who disconnected
to hurt someone was never my intent-ions are wrong
were you affected?
no, i'm not the one who disconnected
to hurt someone that was never my intent-ions are wrong
were you affected?

it was an arbitrary kill
awake when i'm dreaming
a loosened heart corrodes the shield
count the bones in the ceiling
why are we arguing to feel
awake when i'm dreaming
a loosened love?
the chambers heal
count the bones in the ceiling

if you could see me now
i'd hold you responsible
i'm awake when i'm dreaming
count the bones in the ceiling

you look alive like there's color inside your skeleton faces
i'm sorry i'm so familiar, i forget that we're changing
this is a trust fall, i couldn't commit
this is a trust fall, i couldn't commit
you look alive like there's color inside
you wither away

cemetery in me
cut my bones, crystalline
skeleton marrow key
cemetery in me

you look alive, your apathy betrays you
cadaver lungs i know you cannot breathe in
you disconnect but your bones remain
it's the same damn thing
it's the same damn thing
to cut my heart, survive on muscle memory
obscure the vampire feeding off my energy
i feel the key turn across my soul and i know

if you could see me now
you'd catch me in the death spiral
if you could see me now
you look alive like there's color inside
you look alive like there's color inside
you'd catch me in the death spiral
you look alive like there's color inside
you look alive like there's color inside
if you could see me now
you look alive like there's color inside
you look alive like there's color inside
you'd catch me in the death spiral
you look alive like there's color inside
you look alive like there's color inside
if you could see me now
you look alive like there's color inside
you look alive like there's color inside
you'd catch me in the death spiral
you look alive like there's color inside
you look alive like there's color inside

i am never truly alone
acceptance is slipping in, gripping limbs
its crooked fingers intertwine
they cradle us together
a hundred years alone could never make it stop

push it back
i cannot fit, i cannot feel
they should not see, suspended in time
and their eyes are like razors
the edges can sharpen the line

this is love, this is ordinary life
what a thrill stringing up splendid lights to paralyze

they burn to the touch, pretending at god
listen to the blood, razor blade eyes

i want a goddamn mess to ignite the fire
i want to lie in severance, leave me to cut my teeth
pretending at god is a custom
the vessel to siphon my love from
their eyes are a razor to cut me down, cut me down
this is love

this is love, this is ordinary life
what a thrill cheap enough to get caught on the edge this time

razor blade eyes

this is love, this is love
make it stop, this is love
this is love, make it stop
make it stop
this is love, this is love
make it stop, this is love
this is love, this is love
this is love, this is love

veins die and i fantasize to find hurt another way
my baseline, i take time in the middle

the bile fills the leech
i hear them talking in their sleep
a vessel to the ether sea
the varicose encasing me
why can't they see the lights are synchronizing into the shadows underneath?
why can't they see the lights are synchronizing?
i feel them change velocities

draw slow when you take from me
i need time
it's just i can't suffer honestly
the taste of chemicals keep me alive
i feel the pain through a surrogate
the brittle bones of a middle child
they call a state of emergency to get me back to my baseline

and it hurts a little
and i lie a little in my refuge

veins die and i fantasize to find hurt another way
my baseline, i take time in the middle

there must be something more out there
there must be something more out there
so powerless in the crosshairs
there must be something more out there

veins die and i fantasize to find hurt another way
my baseline, i take time in the middle
you said the pain was perennial, i need hurt another way
my baseline, i take time in the middle

oh, you make it hurt a little
and l lie a little
oh, you make it hurt a little in my refuge
you make it hurt a little
and l lie a little
oh, you make it hurt a little in my refuge

there must be something more out there
there must be something more out there

touch the shell
only traces remain like a strain on the bed post
where i lay, chamber fades
second stage, i am tied to this venom

i feel it compressing
they call it a blessing, i call it my grave

i latched to a heart so clinical
i was alive to fight
it feels unnecessary
pressure is a mortuary
i lost static like a ritual
i was alive to fight
it feels unnecessary
pressure is a mortuary

i feel it compressing
they call it a blessing, i call it my grave

i feel a darkness
survive off my beating heart
i was alive when the sun went down
i was alive when the sun went down
i feel a darkness
survive off my beating heart
i was alive when the sun went down
i was alive when the sun went down
and when you're touching a lie, are you thinking of me?
i know i'm scratching a lie, and i'm finding a thief
i was alive when the sun went down
i was alive when the sun went down

i was alive
all the lies, all the shame
cleanliness washed away
chamber fades in this venom too late
for once i was alive
i was alive, i was alive
i was alive

i latched to a heart so clinical
i was alive to fight
it feels unnecessary
pressure is a mortuary
i lost static like a ritual
i was alive to fight
it feels unnecessary
pressure is a mortuary

i feel it compressing
they call it a blessing, i call it a grave

teeth in crumbs like sand in my mouth
four little fingers keep pulling them out
four little hands, they keep pulling me, pulling me down
i try to grin, i try to scream
please say anything, the frequencies ringing it out

where is love, are you ordinary with me now?
meet me down in the mud
i will call on you, when there's nothing left to say

soon the hour will come
look over your shoulder
there's no need to run anymore, anymore

i know i'm easily affected
her arms are like a serpent spinning me around

can she see?
lights go out, when there is nothing left to say

soon the hour will come
look over your shoulder
there's no need to run anymore, anymore
mirror me, i'm down here in the mud
this is ordinary in my suffering
there's no cheaper thrill
it's malevolent, can't go unaffected
sing to me, something sweet, threatening
you cling to me, blood of ophidian
until me, help me, i'm crippling
you won't sacrifice my love, meet me down in the mud

i can see
i can feel you
soaked in bleach
i believed you
silken strings fade the loop
spin my web just for you

fraudulent your existence
synthesis of a broken yes man
i've been waiting for so long
to sacrifice the blood you've drawn
gaslight me
harder to breathe
gaslight me
choke on my teeth

delicate nature
don't talk to strangers
leave my life in his hands
correct my behavior
lucid in danger
don't talk to strangers
is who i am melted erasure?

i can see
i can feel you
soaked in bleach
i believed you
bitter peach
rotten roots
cut my tendons for you

concealing dust buried deep in my lungs
drained of all empathy left on my tongue
teach me to cannibalize my own shame
why does desire define my remains?

please explain
why do you act so strange?
why do you act so strange?
why do you act so strange?
visceral plane
why do you act so strange?
why do you act so strange?
why do you act so strange?

delicate nature
don't talk to strangers
leave my life in his hands
correct my behavior
lucid in danger
don't talk to strangers
is who i am melted erasure?

don't talk to strangers
don't talk to strangers
strange
why do you act so?
why do you act so strange?

every single drop of your blood is a counterfeit
i watch you work from the tourniquet
little death of a hypocrite
cut my heart to manipulate
nurture me just to isolate
i watch you work from the tourniquet
little death of a hypocrite

listen

i know it's typical of
me to keep secrets to find my way back again
touch of conditional love
reasons to keep me from binding the pathogen
wisteria grows
i just want a clear view
i know it's typical of
me to keep secrets to find my way back again
reasons to keep me from binding the pathogen

i do not want this body
skin me like a basilisk
electric cross to touch somebody
justify my temperament
i do not want this body
skin me like a basilisk
electric cross to touch somebody
justify my temperament

i get the the sense this is secretive
you fill a hole
i know i shouldn't be here
wrapped in the pathos of violence
to justify a conditional
i know i can't hold
onto the pillar the traces climb
i know i can't hold
onto your touch as the virus binds

i know it's typical of
me to keep secrets to find my way back again
touch of conditional love
reasons to keep me from binding the pathogen
wisteria grows
i just want a clear view
i know it's typical of
me to keep secrets to find my way back again

excess skin to hide the white light
reckless, i've been waiting my whole life
shed my skin
i know you came to see the prophet
shed my skin
you get the chance to deny my lucid love

listen
i do not want this body
my body is failing
skin me like a basilisk
my body is failing
electric cross to touch somebody
my body is failing
justify my temperament
i need you to listen
i do not want this body
my body is failing
skin me like a basilisk
my body is failing
electric cross to touch somebody
my body is failing
justify my temperament
i need you to listen
i do not want this body
my body is failing
skin me like a basilisk
my body is failing
electric cross to touch somebody
my body is failing me
justify my temperament

i know it's typical of
me to keep secrets to find my way back again
touch of conditional love
reasons to keep me from binding the pathogen
wisteria grows
i just want a clear view
i know it's typical of
me to keep secrets to find my way back again

time will be with you always, you treat it with lidocaine
a willing distraction to make it feel far away
you have to say, you have to say if something's not right
believe me, embrace the pain
delusion isn't viable anymore

breathe it in now breathe it out
the second the hand unwinds
an excess of freedom you've built far away in your mind
though it's expected to feel so responsible
something in the water now, breathe it in now breath it out
something in the water now, breathe it in now breath it out
without illusion it makes you uncomfortable
there's something in the water now
let your lungs fill up with doubt, breathe it in now breath it out
i feel the tension
there's something in the water now
pick your poison, spit it out, breathe it in now breath it out
i'm suspecting that

time will be with you always, you treat it with lidocaine
a willing distraction to make it feel far away
you have to say, you have to say if something's not right
believe me, embrace the pain
delusion isn't viable anymore

i'm gutted, slipping away
no numbness lifting the fray
hallucination, distracting from building tension
they hold me nameless, i don't even know their faces
a moment in time

time will be with you always
perfect hallucination
distract me from building tension
give me more insulation
i don't even know their faces
time will be with you always
perfect hallucination
distract me from building tension
give me more insulation
i don't even know their faces

time will be with you always, you treat it with lidocaine
a willing distraction to make it feel far away
you have to say, you have to say
you have to say, you have to say
you have to say, delusion isn't viable anymore

hallucination
distracting from building tension
they hold me nameless
i don't even know their faces

how can i feel existential in my dread?
it's my fear, i'm eternal
and how can i feel existential in my dread?
it's my fear, i'm eternal

holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead
holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead
holy roller

stand to the left of me in paradise
holy ghosts will

born of blood in seraphim
to grip the nazarene
crown of god, you wear it thin
to come and rapture me

holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead
holy roller sits in the garden we fled
blood into wine, take my body instead

stand to the left of me in paradise
holy ghosts will
fade into oblivion like a blade
falling slowly, curse the holy down

when i die, you won't pray for me
that's when i learn to cut my ties
and when i die, you won't pray for me
that's when i learn to cut my ties

holy roller

stand to the left of me in paradise
holy ghosts will
fade into oblivion like a blade
falling slowly

there is a bird of my sin on the windowsill
crashing up against my shelter
i hate the hollowed out bones and they fracture
the stranger tells me back down

the sparrow follows the thread
i try to remain untangled
i feel the leach in my throat
i'm holding it up to a blue flame
close the deck on the parasite
cut the cards and blow out the flame
follow the thread to the other side
there is blood in the remedy
there is blood in the remedy

and this where i cut my teeth
to fix the broken thing in me
if there's a shadow underneath
the phantom is the fallacy

the oil is separate
it covers against the blue flame
my words are now useless
crushing me under the weight
the stranger tells me it's over
look at the burns on your finger tips
repetition is dead
looking for proof in the chrysalis

and now you've rendered me voiceless
sparrow bones
and my wings clipped

i know there's blood in the oil
close the deck
cut my teeth
the phantom is a fallacy

the sparrow follows the thread
i try to remain untangled
now i feel the leach in my throat
i'm holding it up to a blue flame
the oil is separate
it covers against the blue flame
my repetition is dead
looking for proof in the chrysalis

bird of sin on my windowsill
brushing up against my shelter
hollow bones and they fracture
drag me down and i suffer
the leaches down my throat
i'm trying to take my hold onto the blue flame
cut the parasite

'rivals' is a song by dutch indie rock outfit spiritbox

is there nothing left to keep myself awake?
to keep the walls from caving in
when all they ever do is try to bend and break?
is there forgiveness in the end?

i need relief; a failure's coming on
just breathe in deep; it's taking far too long

i had you in my grip, but you're starting to slip
bring out the worst in me
and now it's come to end, i think i'm giving in
you set my demons free

it seems no matter where i look, it's always gone
with you, i know i'll never win
and it's hard to say where it went so wrong
and failed me in the end

i need relief; a failure's coming on
just breathe in deep; it's taking far too long
i need relief; this weakness carries on
please, be a dream; or was it all along?

i had you in my grip, but you're starting to slip
bring out the worst in me
and now it's come to end, i think i'm giving in
you set my demons free

it's better when you're with me, but that's better left unsaid
it's better when i'm empty, but i still let you in
it's better when you're with me, but that's better left unsaid
it's better when i'm empty, but i still let you in

i had you in my grip, but you're starting to slip
bring out the worst in me
and now it's come to end, i think i'm giving in
you set my demons free
i had you in my grip, but you're starting to slip
bring out the worst in me
please, won't you stay for me, don't ever let me be
you set my demons free

i see through you, i know what you are
i've seen the devil more than i've seen god
i see through you, i know what you are
i've seen the devil more than i've seen god

cover your ears and shut your eyes
'cause what i'm about to say is gonna ruin your night
this is a call out, and i'm not scared to drop some names
you've dug your grave, and you have no one but yourself to blame
i see the world in black and white
because true color always fades under the right lights

i see through you, i know what you are
i've seen the devil more than i've seen god
and when he has you by your neck
i hope you choke on every fucking word you said

you've run out of luck, and i'm calling your bluff
you stabbed me in the back but not deep enough
but not deep enough
i see through you

i see through you, i know what you are
i've seen the devil more than i've seen god
and when he has you by your neck
i hope you choke on every fucking word you said
i see through you, i know what you are
i've seen the devil more than i've seen god
and when he has you by your neck
i hope you choke on every fucking word you said

you said i'd never make it, you said i'd fall on my face
but now i'm right where i belong, and i put you in your place
you said i'd never make it, you said i'd make a mistake
but now i'm right where i belong, and you've got nothing to say

i see through you, i know what you are
i've seen the devil more than i've seen god
and when he has you by your neck
i hope you choke on every fucking word you said
i see through you, i know what you are
i've seen the devil more than i've seen god
and when he has you by your neck
i hope you choke on every fucking word you said

you stabbed me in the back but not deep enough

only in madness do you find beautiful death
and only in sadness do you feel happy instead

be careful what you wish for 'cause you don't know
the guilt i carried this far all on my own
it's nothing you wanna feel

don't wait for the dust to settle, don't wait till it's not enough
don't wait for the world to let go of the both of us
don't wait for the dust to settle, don't wait till you've had enough
don't wait for the world to let go or to give you up

the silence is one thing that i'll remember you said
well, it's better than nothing when nothing's all that you left

be careful what you wish for 'cause you don't know
the guilt i carried this far wasn't my own
it's nothing you wanna feel, so let it go

don't wait for the dust to settle, don't wait till it's not enough
don't wait for the world to let go of the both of us
don't wait for the dust to settle, don't wait till you've had enough
don't wait for the world to let go or to give you up

if you need a place to hang your head, a shoulder's better than a knot
you'd be a better memory alive rather than not
if you need a place to hang your head, a shoulder's better than a knot
you'd be a better memory if no one else forgot
so let it go

don't wait for the dust to settle, don't wait till it's not enough
don't wait for the world to let go of the both of us
don't wait for the dust to settle, don't wait till you've had enough
don't wait for the world to let go or to give you up

if you need a place to hang your head, a shoulder's better than a knot
i'm not giving up
you'd be a better memory alive rather than not
so don't you give up
if you need a place to hang your head, a shoulder's better than a knot
i'm not giving up
you'd be a better memory if no one else forgot
so don't you give up

yeah

let me take you back to when i was killed and born again
woke up in the light convinced my life had made it to its end
burning up beneath the sun while my father drained of blood
if he's there, i've got a message for the man that's up above
fuck you

if he's home, i've got a message from below
getting out is not enough if nobody else can come
if he's home, i've got a message for the man above

here am i, take me to the pearly gates
so i can look you in the eye when i spit in your face
here am i, take me to the pearly gates
don't let 'em hit you on the way out when i take your place

did you think you could dig deep enough to bury me?
it's over when i say and you're not getting rid of me
so walk into my fire or step into my light
either way it's gonna burn if you don't make this right, oh
shit

if he's home, i've got a message from below

here am i, take me to the pearly gates
so i can look you in the eye when i spit in your face
here am i, take me to the pearly gates
don't let 'em hit you on the way out when i take your place

dead meat

getting out is not enough if nobody else can come
if he's home, i've got a message for the man above

here am i, take me to the pearly gates
so i can look you in the eye when i spit in your face
here am i, take me to the pearly gates
don't let 'em hit you on the way out when i take your place
here am i, take me to the pearly gates
so i can look you in the eye when i spit in your face
here am i, take me to the pearly gates
don't let 'em hit you on the way out when i take your place

shit

the sutures in my head keep getting ripped out
these open wounds are the thoughts i can't stop thinking about
digging for purpose, feelings resurface
and involuntarily my system gets nervous
tell me tonight that you'll be by yourself
'cause something bad will happen if you are with someone else
i'm just all fucked up, and i really need your help
i really need your help
there's a lot of hollow souls out there all alone
and they're waiting for you to invite them back into my home
they touched and they took what was rightfully mine
now i'm the devil, and their souls just went up in price

set me free, i think i'm giving up
don't wait for me, i think i've had enough
set me free, i think i'm giving up
don't wait for me, i've had enough, enough now

i pour myself to sleep into a glass that you keep
and that's all i'll ever be if you don't set me free
i know it's hard, but i'll be damned if i live in your hands
so, please, put me down so i don't feel a thing
my pretty little face with all the right parts
my pretty little face i couldn't keep from the dark
i learned from the best as my sorrows grew
and then they pulled me out after i introduced 'em to you
we're just two wrong souls that met at the wrong time
so just go your way, and i'll go mine
you'll be alone with someone new until the day that you die
and i'll watch from afar to make sure you're alright

set me free, i think i'm giving up
don't wait for me, i think i've had enough
set me free, i think i'm giving up
don't wait for me, i've had enough, enough now
set me free, i think i'm giving up
don't wait for me, i think i've had enough
set me free, i think i'm giving up
don't wait for me, i've had enough, enough now

set me free, i think i'm giving up
don't wait for me, i think i've had enough
set me free, i think i'm giving up
don't wait for me, i've had enough, enough now

dead on the inside

raised by wolves in sheep's clothes that abandoned me
but taught me to get up when i fall to my knees
man makes monster, monster kills man
taking your crown's always been part of the plan
if you weren't so stuck in your own head
you'd be where i am now instead

nobody's gonna hear you
when you're calling for help, when you're calling for help
nobody's gonna hear you
'cause the sound of my screams are gonna drown you out
drown you out

i've learned a lot, but it took me too long
to find out who i am and to prove you wrong
how can you live before you die
when you're already dead on the inside?
dead on the inside
dead on the inside

if you want an enemy, i'll be the last one that you ever meet
but i can tell you now that you don't stand a goddamn chance against me

nobody's gonna hear you
when you're calling for help, when you're calling for help
nobody's gonna hear you
'cause the sound of my screams are gonna drown you out

i've learned a lot but it took me too long
to find out who i am and to prove you wrong
how can you live before you die
when you're already dead on the inside?

fuck that, fuck this; if you're gonna burn a bridge
you better hold your breath and learn to swim
fuck that, fuck this; if you're gonna burn a bridge
you better hold your breath and learn to swim

i've learned a lot, but it took me too long
to find out who i am and to prove you wrong
how can you live before you die
when you're already dead on the inside?
i've learned a lot, but it took me too long
to find out who i am and to prove you wrong
how can you live before you die
when you're already dead on the inside?
dead on the inside
dead on the inside

what will i have left when even the hurt is gone
and i can't feel a thing?
would you had been there when i came home?
could you hold on another day?
i wish i had not held, held on to you so long
but i was just so damn afraid
i wish i hadn't used you to pull me
out of this dark and lonely place

i had the whole damn world and i gave it all away
what did i think i would save?
for better or for worse, this is my burden to take
'cause i'm the only one to blame
you're so much better off
with nothing but memories of, memories of my face
because i have no use now that you're gone
and now i'm running out of faith

together we will live forever

i'm not afraid anymore, forever
i'm not afraid anymore, we will live forever
i'm not afraid anymore, forever
i'm not afraid anymore, we will live forever

i'm not afraid anymore

if you were cast out, what's your next move gonna be?
will you return cold, or will you turn up the heat?
god, please, forgive those who doubt me

did you really think the pain
would send me to an early grave?
did you think i couldn't break these chains
after all the hell i overcame?

god, please, forgive those who doubt me, forgot about me
then throw them down into the flames

well, i am back now and stronger than you think
'cause when it's dark, the light gets easier to see
they say i sold out and bid my dignity
but the truth is, the devil sold his soul to me

to me, to me
the devil sold his soul to me
to me, to me
the devil sold his soul to me

god, please, forgive those who doubt me, forgot about me
then throw them down into the flames
god, please, forgive those who doubt me, forgot about me
make sure they never forget my name

the greatest trick that the devil did
was convince the world he doesn't exist
the greatest trick that the devil did
was convince the world he doesn't exist

god, please, forgive those who doubt me, forgot about me
after all that hell i overcame

god, please, forgive those who doubt me, forgot about me
then throw them down into the flames
god, please, forgive those who doubt me, forgot about me
make them remember again

did you really think the pain
would send me to an early grave?
did you think i couldn't break these chains
after all the hell i overcame?

the greatest trick that the devil did
was convince the world he doesn't exist

i'm the serpent here to test you with forbidden fruit
i love the look on your face when i'm tempting you
this is a part of me you begged to let you see
a part of me that'll do anything to get what i need
maybe i'm sick, maybe i'm already dead
'cause i'm not really scared of what comes next
maybe i'm sick, maybe i'm fucked in the head
'cause i'm not really scared of the consequence

play with fire, and you'll get burned
everybody rolls the dice, and it's your turn
you put the gun to your head, all i did was pull the trigger
so don't ask for my pity when i'm not the only sinner

it's a trick, it's a trap, the evil's not in my head
i'd like to think that it's my ugly human nature instead
because i don't feel remorse for the things that i did
but i pray i have the chance to do them all again

the path to god led me astray
so the devil came and lit the way, yeah

i'm the reason you don't trust, i'm the reason you don't feel right
i tore you apart, and i still sleep just fine
i'm the reason you don't trust, i'm the reason you don't feel right
i tore you apart, and i still sleep just fine
yeah, i still sleep just fine

play with fire, and you'll get burned
everybody rolls the dice, and it's your turn
you put the gun to your head, all i did was pull the trigger
so don't ask for my pity when i'm not the only sinner
play with fire, and you'll get burned
everybody rolls the dice, and it's your turn
you put the gun to your head, all i did was pull the trigger
so don't ask for my pity when i'm not the only sinner, cunt

get up

i'm paranoid, i'm sick, i'm not myself
i bottled up and drank the pain, but it wouldn't stay down
now i've got nothing to give, nothing to say for myself
i'm nothing more than worm food six feet under the ground, fuck

malice, malice, malice
this is the death of me

it's eating away at me, this disgusting disease
i'm fucking sick, my stomach's starting to bleed
it's eating away at me, i don't know what to do
i'm fucking sick, i'll never be like you

malice, malice, malice, malice

i don't believe in salvation, but i believe in demons
and i'll let you meet mine if you really wanna see them
once you go mad and slip through the cracks
the path is too dark to see the tracks
i was consumed by the dark, consumed by the black
i made a deal with the devil i can't take back

it's eating away at me, this disgusting disease
i'm fucking sick, my stomach's starting to bleed
it's eating away at me, i don't know what to do
i'm fucking sick, i'll never be like you

what's the point? what's the fucking point in any of this
if when we make it to the grave, everyone just forgets?
what's the point? what's the fucking point in any of this
if when we make it to the grave, no one gives a shit!?

malice, malice

there's no more good left in me, and i hope that you never meet
this person that i've become, this ugly fucking disease
it's eating away at me, this disgusting disease
i'm fucking sick, i'm not normal, and i can finally breathe

gave it all to burn forever underneath the rain
drowning in the present of a past that i couldn't change
writing songs instead of letters because i'm too afraid
afraid of coming back to find that everything is the same
everything is the same

i made my way through hell again, i paid for my mistakes
next time i think i'll stay awhile and pour myself a drink
when i return, i'll look for you, so listen for your name
if you can make it out above the roaring of the flames

if it's the mask you want, then it's the mask that you will get
but when i take it off, remember that you asked for this
i tore myself apart to give you all that i could give
don't think that i will let it go, don't think that i'll forget
i thought i wanted legacy, i thought i wanted fame
i didn't know i'd lose all my loved ones in exchange
left 'em all behind, and, yeah, for that i am ashamed
but that's the price i'm paying till i'm buried in my grave

gave it all to burn forever underneath the rain
drowning in the present of a past that i couldn't change
writing songs instead of letters because i'm too afraid
afraid of coming back to find that everything is the same

i'll do it all over again from the start
and this time you're not leaving me in the dark
you took me for granted, now look where you are
atop of a kingdom you built out of cards

i thought i wanted legacy, i thought i wanted fame
i didn't know i'd lose all my loved ones in exchange
left 'em all behind, and, yeah, for that i am ashamed
but that's the price i'm paying till i'm buried in my grave

i'll do it all over again from the start i'll do it again
and this time you're not leaving me in the dark i'll do it again
you took me for granted, now look where you are i'll do it again
atop of a kingdom you built out of cards

you set me up as the villain
but you never mentioned the root of the problem
took what you wanted and flipped it
but you won't be dragging my name to the bottom

so much unsaid, left me for dead
i won't forget, and now you're next
well, everyone's listening, and they know the difference
you're not failing our senses

if you're throwing me to the lions
you should know i'm not scared of dying
i wouldn't take back one thing i did, one word i said
but i'm gonna make you wish you did

jump to conclusions, they fall for illusions
but you wouldn't dare try to stop them
you're going low at the end of the road
but that won't be the path that i follow

so much unsaid, left me for dead
i won't forget, you're on my list
well, everyone's listening, and they know the difference
you're not failing our senses

if you're throwing me to the lions
you should know i'm not scared of dying
i wouldn't take back one thing i did, one word i said
but i'm gonna make you wish you did

i'm holding on to this until the scale's untilted

well, everyone's listening
and they know the difference
you're not failing our senses
but you're pushing my limits

if you're throwing me to the lions
you should know i'm not scared of dying
i wouldn't take back one thing i did, one word i said, whoa
if you're throwing me to the lions
you should know i'm not scared of dying
i wouldn't take back one thing i did, one word i said
oh god, i'll make you wish you did

show me you're better off without me
choking on every word you said, we'll see, we'll see
don't breathe another word about me
i'll leave, and you can finally rest in peace, we'll see

when i go out into the world
i just don't like what i see
you could call it paradise
but it looks just like hell to me

lying in between the memories choking me, and
i don't know which way to go, but i'm okay to never know
lying in between the memories choking me, and
i don't know which way to go, but i'm okay to never know

speaking in languages we can't read
no need for you to spell it out for me, for me
swallowed up and i spit you out
like a drug that just wouldn't stay down, stay down

when i go out into the world
i just don't like what i see
you could call it paradise
but it looks just like hell to me

lying in between the memories choking me, and
i don't know which way to go, but i'm okay to never know
lying in between the memories choking me, and
i don't know which way to go, but i'm okay to never know

we'll see, we'll see

lying in between the memories choking me, and
i don't know which way to go, and i'm okay to never know

lying in between the memories choking me, and
i don't know which way to go, but i'm okay to never know
lying in between the memories choking me, and
i don't know which way to go, but i'm okay to never know

we'll see, we'll see, we'll see
but i'm okay to never know

i wanna feel love, i wanna feel love again

i guess you never really know yourself
because i've never been the kind to ask for help
i'm begging for this, i'm begging for this
alleviation from all of the ugly shit

wake me up
wake me up

there's a thousand voices in my head
i just hope it doesn't take a rope around my neck
to put them all to rest
i wanna feel love, i wanna feel love again
there's a thousand voices in my head
i just hope it doesn't take a rope around my neck
to put them all to rest
i wanna feel love, i wanna feel love again

yeah, come on

i feel the filth, yeah, the dirt on my skin
everyone can see it, and they know where i've been
god as my witness, the devil as my friend
i swear that this is the sound of the end

now i'm swallowed by sin
this is the sound of the end
now i'm swallowed by sin
this is the sound of the

thousand voices in my head
i just hope it doesn't take a rope around my neck
to put them all to rest
i wanna feel love, i wanna feel love again
there's a thousand voices in my head
i just hope it doesn't take a rope around my neck
to put them all to rest
this is the sound of, this is the sound of the end
this is the sound of, this is the sound of the end

there's a thousand voices in my head
i just hope it doesn't take a rope around my neck
to put them all to rest
i wanna feel love, i wanna feel love again
there's a thousand voices in my head
i just hope it doesn't take a rope around my neck
to put them all to rest
i wanna feel love, i wanna feel love again

this is the sound of the end
i wanna feel love again

i can hear your heartbeat i've tried so hard to forget
i'm being buried under the memory of all of my regrets

i've spent ages losing sleep while strangers warmed your bed
i know it's over, please, be over, there's nothing left to save

let me let you down
i can't watch you drown with me
let me let you down
i can't watch you drown with me

your voice is ringing in my ears, but i can't see you talk
you could tell me to go straight to hell, and i'd enjoy the walk

i've spent ages losing sleep while strangers warmed your bed
i know it's over, please, be over, there's nothing left to save

let me let you down
i can't watch you drown with me
let me let you down
i can't watch you drown with me

if i could make it simpler, if i could get back to the start
i would keep you even closer so that i could hear your heart
but your pulse has started fading, i'll try to hold on to the sound
i know it's over, please, be over 'cause i'll just let you down

let me let you down
i can't watch you drown with me
let me let you down
i can't watch you drown with me

so tell me, can you keep a secret? i thought i lost myself
trying to find a hidden meaning in all the lies you'd tell
when you think i've said enough, tell me, and i'll bite my tongue
but don't you think i won't remember

don't take it now, don't take it now, don't take it now
i'm burning out, i'm burning out, i'm burning out

i was lost, but now i'm found
under the lights and in the sounds
so let us sing and sing it loud
that we're not perfect, but we're proud of who we are
who we are

i thought i left the pain behind me, but when i turned around
you pulled me back into the darkness and wouldn't let me out
like a diamond in the rough, you didn't see for what it was
and cut a hole right through the center

i was lost, but now i'm found
under the lights and in the sounds
so let us sing and sing it loud
that we're not perfect, but we're proud of who we are
yeah, we're not perfect, but we're proud of who we are

if good things must come to an end
we're not going out of frame
because you can't just run from sadness
when it runs inside your veins
if good things must come to an end
we're not going out the same
because you can't just run from sadness
when it gets too hard to stay

when you think i've said enough, tell me, and i'll bite my tongue
but don't you think i won't remember
like a diamond in the rough, you didn't see for what it was
and cut a hole right through the center

i was lost, but now i'm found
under the lights and in the sounds
so let us sing and sing it loud
that we're not perfect, but we're proud of who we are
who we are
i was lost, but now i'm found
under the lights and in the sounds
so let us sing and sing it loud
that we're not perfect, but we're proud of who we are

when you think i've said enough, tell me, and i'll bite my tongue
but don't you think i won't remember
like a diamond in the rough, you didn't see for what it was
and cut a hole right through the center

blinded by a fear of feeling, these are the kings we chose
lost and looking for the meaning, i've been searching high and low
when we fade into nothing, when we go up in the smoke
we'll beg god for a mercy that he knows we'd never show

on a canvas we stained with blood and painted with our sins
there's a candle melting and it's burning at both ends
we'll take and take till it caves and drowns us in the wax it drips
like a moth to the flame, you never should've fucking lit

you can give sight to the blind
but you can't force them to see
you could take us back in time
but it wouldn't change a thing

if god came down from his kingdom, he came down from his home
and we asked him if he'd take us back, he would surely tell us no
if god came down from his kingdom, he came down from his throne
and we asked him if he'd take us back, he would tell us we can't go

to a rat in a maze, the end is where the start begins
but if we made it out, i know that we would do it all again
we live and die in vain like treasure on a sinking ship
all in the name of a god we'd just abandon and forget

if god came down from his kingdom, he came down from his home
and we asked him if he'd take us back, he would surely tell us no
if god came down from his kingdom, he came down from his throne
and we asked him if he'd take us back, he would tell us we can't go

we're dying every day
tell me, is it all in vain?
is it worth the suffering?
is it worth the price we paid?
is it worth it?
yeah

you can give sight to the blind
but you can't force them to see
you could take us back in time
but it wouldn't change a thing

if god came down from his kingdom, he came down from his home
and we asked him if he'd take us back, he would surely tell us no
if god came down from his kingdom, he came down from his throne
and we asked him if he'd take us back, he would tell us we can't go

blinded by a fear of feeling, these are the kings we chose
lost and looking for the meaning, i've been searching high and low
when we fade into nothing, when we go up in the smoke
we'll beg god for a mercy that he knows we'd never show

you can give sight to the blind
but you can't force them to see
you could take us back in time
but it wouldn't change a fucking thing

that crooked smile doesn't hide your greed, all of your hypocrisies
i'm gonna tell everyone the truth
live in denial while your insides bleed, and i will keep you company
so i can watch when your world's consumed

i was there when it began, and i'll be there to watch it end
i'll take my time once i've sunk my teeth in
once i've sunk my teeth in

i won't take part in your complacency or words you don't really mean
all that you did was light my fuse
soon you'll be nothing but a memory, and i won't keep you company
when everything falls apart for you

i was there when it began, and i'll be there to watch it end
i'll take my time once i've sunk my teeth in
i was there when it began, and i'll be there to watch it end
i'll take my time once i've sunk my teeth in

i'll take my time with you
i'll take my time with you once i've sunk my teeth in

i was there when it began, and i'll be there to watch it end
i'll take my time once i've sunk my teeth in
i was there when it began, and i'll be there to watch it end
i'll take my time once i've sunk my teeth in
once i've sunk my teeth in

lost again and feeling broken, you can see the change
i thought i had it all, but you can see the change

falling, fading away
i'm crawling to sleep to dreams i couldn't keep
breaking, slipping away
where you are so near, and we're back at the start
if this dream should last forever, i pray to die

between the city's gates and nowhere is where i'll be, my dear
ghost of soldiers will greet you and point the way to me, my dear

falling, fading away
i'm crawling to sleep to dreams i couldn't keep
breaking, slipping away
where you are so near, and we're back at the start

falling, fading away
i'm crawling to sleep to dreams i couldn't keep
breaking, slipping away
where you are so near, and we're back at the start
falling, fading away
i'm crawling to sleep to dreams i couldn't keep
breaking, slipping away
where you are so near, and we're back at the start
if this dream should last forever, i pray to

what's left to say that hasn't been already said before?
did i ever have a purpose? i can't feel it anymore
if ignorance is happiness, please, steal me from my head
'cause the voices once so soothing make me feel so fucking, so fucking dead

i'd give anything for something to feel anything at all
it just seems so goddamn meaningless, it all seems so devolved
we're drowning in irrelevance, we're hiding from the truth
we are the numb complacent, we are the broken youth

what's left to say that hasn't been?
what's left to say that hasn't been?
what's left to say that hasn't been?
what's left to say that hasn't been?

we are the numb, we are the broken youth
we come undone, we are the ugly truth
we are the numb, we are the broken youth
we come undone, we are the ugly truth

i can't stop, i can't stop
medicated, sedated in the back seat of our lives
it's so fucking hard to swallow, will we make it out alive?
i can't stop, i can't stop

what's left to say that hasn't been?
what's left to say that hasn't been?
what's left to say that hasn't been?
what's left to say that hasn't been?

we are the numb, we are the broken youth
we come undone, we are the ugly truth
we are the numb, we are the broken youth
we come undone, we are the ugly truth

cityscape skeletons taking shape and growing skin
layer and layer is peeled away
exhausted from the repetition of always needing to rebuild
worn down faces in colorful barren places

city lights and skylines
guiding home our wandering minds
tucking us into tortoise shells
suppressing the outside sounds of relentless consciousness
where is contemplative terrain
that sleeps with the setting sun?
this nocturnal apathy binging on shadow and smoke
it's endlessly coming undone

when the ground falls out, who will take my hand?
when things fall apart who will take my hand?

i'd never thought that i could withstand
falling short when i'm a broken man
you never knew how much i meant it in love
every night i'm beside you weeks away when you're sleeping alone
did you ever know how much i meant it?

millions of tiny pieces looking in on themselves
reflected in the water, unaware of each other
every piece could find its place back in the puzzle
what was one is shattered into many and longs to be whole again
but nothing ever fits quite the same in the end

i'd never thought that i could withstand
falling short when i'm a broken man
you never knew how much i meant it in love
i'd never thought that i could withstand
falling short when i'm a broken man
every night i'm beside you weeks away when you're sleeping alone
did you ever know how much i meant it?

when the ground falls out, who will take my hand?
when things fall apart, who will take my hand?

it comes to fracture vested trust
a love to shatter and turn to rust
i drag my name through waves to wade black water
wallow and drown

a new shade of gray disorients the portrait
repetitive contusions concuss the allure
cataract eyes and cloudy minds
interrupt a perfect design

crashing waves come to swallow us
wallow and drown in it
shadows wait to devour us
it hurts to surrender

presentation is everything when you created the play
the audience hypnotized by the imagery
in this vicious cycle of disbelief
that the visionless cannot conceive
you can drag me down six feet deep
so i can fight for a life that i threw away
in this moment of resurgence
clear the dissonance and recover me

fears suppressed exploit our lust
and our memories turn to rust

and when we reach that point, barren of things to say
there's nothing left to save, do not resuscitate
swallow your pride, hide what you feel inside
there are some things that can not be rectified

crashing waves come to swallow us
wallow and drown in it
shadows wait to devour us
it hurts to surrender
leeches lie in wait, but you're blind to it
a void that you create, you give life to it
it hurts to surrender

it comes to fracture vested trust
a love to shatter and turn to rust
if words could carry my pain
through the busy streets and empty alleyways
be the one who hears my cry
like the moon who craves the night

you can drag me down six feet deep
so i can fight for a life that i threw away
in this moment of resurgence
clear the dissonance and recover me

irreversible

a sequence of events unfolding in reverse
a sting better stimulated when revealing tragedy first
reverse perception reversing imperfection
be aware of the darkness that lies beneath the surface of contrived pleasantries
be aware so as to always hold tighter; speak softer
there is no failsafe, so now you know
there is no failsafe, so cut ties
with the dead weight that is dragging you below

pull me closer, when silence consumes you, i'll speak words softer
sinking slower, we stimulate the sting, restrain

i'm not giving up, i'm giving in to the touch
of every inch of your sea salt skin
but you set me ablaze and spread me out with waves in the ocean
with every trace of doubt, black me out
don't stimulate the sting
don't let the wrong choices repeat themselves
don't stimulate the sting of irreversible emptiness
pull me in close, pull me in close

it's in the empty spaces that we find ourselves
it's in the empty spaces, reaching out and grasping
searching for what we need to find who we are, who we are
there is no failsafe
it's what keeps me hanging on to what you are to me
you're what keeps me hanging on
i'm not giving up, i'm giving in, so let's begin again

pull me closer, when silence consumes you, i'll speak words softer
sinking slower, we stimulate the sting, restrain
pulling you closer 'cause after all, you're pulling back farther
and we're sinking slower, we stimulate the sting, restrain

don't turn your back on her
let her look you right in the eyes, you coward, oh
don't stimulate the sting
don't let the wrong choices repeat themselves
don't stimulate the sting of irreversible emptiness

i'm spiraling out of control, so you illuminate a clean slate
you're lifting the weight that's diluting inspiration
i woke with the sun in my face, mountains by my side
the desert air pulling the breath from my lungs
i've been making my way through a barren landscape
littered with remains of past lives and shadows of the scavengers

world passing by, leaving traces of shapes, blurring into memory
dreaming of terrain that sustains, i wake up

i'm lying parallel with the landscape

there will always be a void to be filled, illuminate a clean slate
keep lifting the weight that is diluting inspiration
there will always be a void with no permanent fix
shifting of puzzle pieces to simulate a whole

world passing by, leaving traces of shapes, blurring into memory
dreaming of terrain that sustains, i wake up to a world that's unfamiliar
we leave and then we go back like we never left home
we go back like we never left home

when will we wake the fuck up?
parallel with the landscape, i lie awake
with diminishing desire to always seek escape
from a home where i feel sound and safe

world passing by, leaving traces of shapes, blurring into memory
dreaming of terrain that sustains, i wake up, wake up
when will we all wake up?
diminished desire to always seek escape to a world that's unfamiliar
we leave and then we go back like we never left home
we go back like we never left

take a breath, enter the unknown
watch your step, it's an escape to the world anew
flood yourself with colors and senses on overload
sink inside yourself, watch out for the bottom
because there's no turning back once it takes control
and you prefer this new creation
the pain exits slowly and there's nothing left but bliss

floating out at sea, away from reality
it pulls me under, the tide will blow your mind
i'm drifting in and out of ocean dreams
it pulls me under, the tide will blow your mind

my pulse is sent into overdrive
trying to calm my nerves with an unnatural catalyst
agitator, wave maker, incendiary, excite my life

floating out at sea, away from reality
it pulls me under, the tide will blow your mind
i'm drifting in and out of ocean dreams
it pulls me under, the tide will blow your mind
drifting in and out

drifting in and out of reality
drifting in and out of ocean dreams
drifting in and out of reality
drifting in and out, let your mind drift

as our world oscillates to shake the weak remains, show your strength
resist all temptation to follow illusions, expressed with safety
open up your wings and fly to sanctuary
trying to dislocate from talk and scoff that shows them what they are
murderous words might as well been sent by a bullet
keep your eyes closed and your fingers crossed
till our paths meet, i'll try to lead the way
take me back to who i was back then
i'll show you what life means to me again
maybe in due time, you'll let me in
i'll lift the weight so you don't have to fall

brother, when every muscle strains
i will lift the weight for you
sister, if you just call my name
i will lift the weight for you
you can't find the strength, your eyes lose resistance
i will lift the weight for you

i wasn't there for the darkest of hallways, the longest of paths
a crazy train going off the tracks
catch my fall when the earth shakes
catch my fall when the earth shakes

take me back to who i was back then
an honest man and a faithful friend
i'll show you what life means to me again
maybe in due time, you'll let me in
take me back to who i was back then
an honest man and a faithful friend
i'll show you what life means to me again
maybe in due time, you'll let me in
'cause there is so much left to amend

brother, when every muscle strains
i will lift the weight for you
sister, if you just call my name
i will lift the weight for you
you can't find the strength, your eyes lose resistance
i will lift the weight for you
i know that we've changed, but this remains consistent
i will lift the weight for you

we pick at the scab, it bleeds and it bleeds
extending the healing to keep us contained
a weak doppelganger, the bastard one
i'll leave you behind and continue on

these black holes in my hands, so endless
swallowing everything that i see
this open wound in my chest, so endless
devour me
shameful desire, spreading like a wildfire
you've seen it yourself, devour me
sickening shameful desire, spreading like a wildfire
you've seen it yourself, you've seen it yourself
my body's breaking down, my spirit is submissive
broken memories consume me, broken memories consume me

distance grows between you and i
discord unforeseen
won't you just say what you mean for the last time?
say what you mean tonight

this open wound in my chest, so endless, is rapidly expanding
broken memories consume me

time slips away and we're left here writing off the memories we saved
i go far away and leave you here writing off the memories we saved

return to me, reconciled when we collide
return to me, with full force in every stride
life falls fast as time slips away
return to me, reconciled when we collide
sometimes our darker side grows hypnotizing, pleading for release
consciences out of touch, with love subsiding, needing set free

we're writing off memories as time slips away, time slips away
welcome to the free world, with consciences out of touch
you know when a love so full fades away
you ponder things lost between time and this hollow space
you ponder what you can't replace, and your mind recalls her face

i've watched a lot of things crumble in my hands
falling through my fingers like grains of sand
when the hourglass tips over on its side
does it create infinite moments or leave us trapped in time?

loath, disdain, pity, regret consume me and i shut down
dissolving internally with no silver linings to any clouds

i disassociate with everything i know
drowning out, losing control

my detachment permeates to everything i know
refill the sands and balance the scales or let me go
i'm becoming everything that i defied
withdrawn emotions, i've built a shell and i live inside

i disassociate with everything i know
drowning out, losing control
my detachment permeates to everything i know
and i'm drowning out, losing control
i'm becoming everything i defied

slowly withering, there seems to be no way out
refill the sands, balance the scales or let me go
loath, disdain, pity, regret consume me and i shut down
slowly withering with no silver linings to any fucking clouds

i disassociate with everything i know
drowning out, losing control
my detachment permeates to everything i know
and i'm drowning out, losing control
losing control

give in to the pressure of the sound
of the voices saying step down

beast of glutton, the embodiment of greed
exploiting the weak by fabricating their needs
the wolf kicked in the door, intruded in your home
and you see it as a privilege to be consumed

give in to the pressure of the sound
of the voices saying step down
tell us something that resembles truth
you pitiful bastard in clearest sight

the wolf was never hiding
you told yourself sweet nothings, and now your only truth is lying
bulbous parasite; expanding from the blood of the ignorant
the worm is robbing our ability to communicate
i saw him laugh in your face, why aren't you irate?

scrub away the stain
leech their energy

give in to the pressure of the sound
of the voices saying step down
tell us something that resembles truth
you pitiful bastard in clearest sight
give in to the pressure of the sound
of the voices saying step down
tell us something that resembles truth
you pitiful bastard in clearest sight

the people's king; a virtuoso of trophy lust and adolescent behavior
an old fool convinced you he's your savior
chaos is the grain on which the bastards feed
bringing down the rain, they drown the land in greed
scrub away the stain, leech their energy
tell us something that resembles truth, just walk away

faith we abate, a perfect design of which we deprecate
we can't decipher this suppressive surge of desire
as i watch the hands of time cradle circumstance and consequence
i reiterate that the hourglass is near its end and depleting swiftly
trace the edge along this line we drew within this narrow space

memories i can't recreate
wreckage beyond what we could calculate
an affection that fluctuates
familiar speech in a new tongue that i cannot translate

who's to say that our faith was kept in a safe place?
as we witness a weaker pulse and shallow breaths, the innocent fight
to take their life back, no surrender of light from their eyes
perpetrator, give back what's not yours to keep
stolen destinations of contingency, ripped apart and vanishing

memories i can't recreate
wreckage beyond what we could calculate
an affection that fluctuates
familiar speech in a new tongue that i cannot translate

these wandering eyes provide confirmation of idle actions
holding keys to open doors, we're too afraid to enter
we scrutinize, but execution falls short
disgust for lack of action
cover your face with your hands and look away

memories i can't recreate
wreckage beyond what we could calculate
an affection that fluctuates
familiar speech in a new tongue
memories i can't recreate
wreckage beyond what we could calculate
an affection that fluctuates
familiar speech in a new tongue that i cannot translate

perpetrator, give back what's not yours to keep

we begin the fall of the omega generation

i'm left gasping for a breath of air
in this failing body and fading beauty
i reach for what was never there
but i'm still reaching for some reason
teach me to navigate the stars
and use the wind to guide my way
if night and nature are my only hindrance
then let me see the light of day

unheard of is the language that lured me in
it's deeper than the surface resting just beneath the skin
unheard of is the language that lured me in
it's deeper than the surface resting just beneath the skin

coated by the stratified soil of my settlement
i dream of lives i've lost and enduringly lament

unfinished pillars of our generation
personifying this falling nation
people and animals alike
people are animals at night
reverting back to their natural state
when law was shapeless and held no weight
we live in caves buried in mountains
stalactite supports without foundations

we are our fathers' bastard children
evolved from cursed seed, but we're not helpless
we will become the rebirth of hope
this steadfast campaign remains relentless
we will remain relentless

unfinished pillars of our generation
personifying this falling nation
people and animals alike
people are animals at night
reverting back to their natural state
when law was shapeless and held no weight
we live in caves buried in mountains
stalactite supports without foundations

we begin the fall of the omega generation
coalescence of omega children
take my hand, the new world begins

unfinished pillars of our generation
reverting back to their natural state
when law was shapeless and held no weight
personifying this falling nation
we live in caves buried in mountains
stalactite supports without foundations
unfinished pillars of our generation
i dream of lives i've lost enduringly
personifying this falling nation, falling nation

treading waters poisoned by timeless intoxicants
always knowing that a darkness will find us
scaling walls of imagined boundaries
we are the reapers of shame, the successors of pain
i could follow you down
to the bottom of your solemn state
straining to pull you out
of the trenches that your mind creates
hesitation sits in hindsight of the blind man
cut me open

won't you follow tonight, just breathe in slowly
i don't wanna see you suffer forever, forever

you are seemingly safe and sound
but you carry such a heavy weight
a spirit that slowly drowns
but the body doesn't translate

bolstering the need to feel accomplished
overshadowed by decisions of finite progress
a moment to take my time
to let the noise subside
maybe i can finally breathe if i take a step outside myself
maybe i can finally breathe easy
cut me a box to size, yeah

won't you follow tonight, just breathe in slowly
i don't wanna see you suffer forever, forever
plagued by thoughts of self-defeat

ghost of nothing
a ghost of a nothing
an anchor for all suffering

won't you follow tonight
i don't wanna see you suffer

won't you follow tonight, just breathe in slowly
i don't wanna see you suffer, suffer forever, forever
won't you follow tonight, just breathe in slowly
i don't wanna see you suffer, suffer forever, forever
i don't wanna see you

a ghost of a nothing
an anchor for all suffering

blood starved machine in a feeding frenzy
don't look now, but the floor is collapsing
no escape, the plummet is everlasting
sound awake in the bed i've made
pull out the pin, sanity is a grenade

dead and sound awake
you could lose yourself in the absence of loss, 
reset and wander far away
dead and sound awake, 
ambitions thrown away
spirits washed away, 
you should know
, nothing lasts forever

following footprints in circles, going snowblind
exits overgrown inside the maze of my mind
crawling out of the crypt to bleed the living dry
in this fantasy, the villains win, the heroes die
slow diving to despair
fuck it, i'm done, this is a waking nightmare
blood starved machine in a feeding frenzy

dead and sound awake
you could lose yourself in the absence of loss, 
reset and wander far away
dead and sound awake, 
ambitions thrown away
spirits washed away, 
you should know
, nothing lasts forever

black moon rising
glimpse of madness
blossom black rose
withered, abandoned
sorrowed, sleepless, alone

sleepless nights, hearing voices
faint whispers expand like disease
the dead are not dreaming
can't you hear them screaming?
oh
this is a waking nightmare

crawling out of the crypt to bleed the living dry
in this fantasy, the villains win, the heroes die
slow diving to despair
fuck it, i'm done, this is a waking nightmare

every memory recalled is an origin that we've altered
broken promises to another man's daughter
endless walk down a dead road as our last breaths begin to falter
we lend our weight to the backs of our broken fathers

featherweight boy in his arms, every night he weeps
constantly drifting in and out of sleep
palm against transparent skin, fingers tracing ribs
reassurance that the heart was still beating
at the helm of death every day like clockwork
restless nights with trembling hands against transparent skin
but they carry on because survival is not a dead end

whether or not the world is withered away
we are each other's world entirely
whether or not the world is withered away
we are ever, we are evermore

lost ghosts around every corner, on every charred sidewalk
still trudging through the ash of an endless walk
with bodies cold and weightless, resilient of death in life
resilient of death in death, they walk on

dreaming of a safe haven at the end of the road
an unstable safety, the only kind we've ever known
oh, we walk along, dreaming of a safe haven
oh, we walk along at the end of the road
our legs will never fail, we'll carry on
and i swear to you

whether or not the world is withered away
we are each other's world entirely
whether or not the world is withered away
we are ever, we are evermore

oh, we walk along, dreaming of a safe haven
oh, we walk along at the end of the road
resilient of death because life is not a dead end

whether or not the world is withered away
we are each other's world entirely
whether or not the world is withered away
we are ever, we are evermore

survival is not a dead end
we are evermore
because survival is not a dead end
we are ever, we are evermore

i'm crawling out, this withering world is exhaustive
vacuous space will be my coffin
drifting weightless
wandering through the void dead and aimless
ashes to ashes, freed from the ties that bind
defined by lack of connection
infinite blackness, ubiquitous and cold
enfold, i'm lost in the shadow

lost light that has yet to be revealed
feel the flow of empty endless spiral through the void
what's left to be broken is discarded

lost light that has yet to be revealed
the blood is our reckoning
i feel the flow of empty endless spiral
soaring through the void

i am a vessel of the generations
withered and breathless
a coma chosen true, the void that followed suit
the world that we abused

eye of god
no disruption of the rest
death was always part of the process

the eye of god, it is hollowing
the speckled void, it is swallowing
feel the flow of empty endless spiral
soaring through the void

a step into a narrow consensus
walking along the edge of the knife
with the restless eye ever watching
weeping into perpetual abyss

lost light that has yet to be revealed
the blood is our reckoning
i feel the flow of empty endless spiral
soaring through the void
the eye of god, it is hollowing
the speckled void, it is swallowing
feel the flow of empty endless spiral
through the eye of god

this moment's passing breeze
feels like your tender breath i used to know so well
the silence is crushing
the white noise that used to call my name
break down, and all my thoughts have escaped me
except for all the things that show me your face ever so brightly
poised through a lie that still remains
such little left that i can say with authenticity, so i

close my eyes, and i can hear you calling from behind
close my eyes, i swear i feel you crawling towards the light
tell me the words that will keep you close

poor soul, heart full, temperature fluctuates
to later be buried in my own
personal graveyard of emotion and past mistakes

close my eyes, and i can hear you calling from behind
close my eyes, i swear i feel you crawling towards the light
my skin is turning white, watching your soul in flight
close my eyes, i swear i feel you crawling towards the light

the bloody beat beat beat in my chest
the coldest chill creeping up my neck
tell me the words that will keep you close

life won't feel the same anymore
'cause you're gone, and it's far too late to say the things i'm sorry for
five fingers gripping the glass
for the last time, i'd hope to say
three nights with no separation
i know too well there's one more thing i could have said
life won't feel the same anymore
'cause you're gone and it's far too late to say the things i'm sorry for
i can't take it back, i can't bring you back
life won't feel the same anymore
'cause you're gone and i'm holding on

interlaced fingers, the locking of hands
omnipotence entwined with man
alteration before conception
the pretense to coalescence to form this imperfect plan
unconsciously bound to one another
liberated emotions are becoming smothered
dynamics of the absolute contort our narrow view
we were not meant for this hybrid birth
inhumanity crowns the earth
this hybrid birth

momentum is your venom

momentum is your venom
clinging to progress, we embrace the toxin
children of the ancients, you've forgotten innocence
unkept instincts, enslaved, inefficient

we were not meant for this hybrid birth
inhumanity crowns the earth
we were not meant for this hybrid birth
inhumanity crowns the earth
inhumanity crowns the earth
designer, designer of mystification
imposer upon a fit creation

momentum is your venom

momentum is your venom
clinging to progress, we embrace the toxin
children of the ancients, you've forgotten innocence
unkept instincts, enslaved, inefficient

inhumanity crowns the earth
momentum is your venom
children of the ancients, you've forgotten innocence
enslaved, inefficient

they breathe with us, they've bred with us
they are self-proclaimed behemoths
bound by our own desire, seduced and expired
self-proclaimed behemoths
bound by our own desire, seduced and expired

nurtured by the spirits of the wilderness
the only mother we have left
she is the web in the willow hoop
like feathers, we just hang in the air
open arms to a mother's gift
electric sensations pulsating through our ribs
breathing life into our dreams while nightmares wear
wear down the dancing lines of her woven web

hanging beneath the nightmare, we fall apart
hoping you'll call our names, sweet voice we'll follow
in trying to preserve you, we fall apart
we fall apart, restore youth

ghost of the willow trees
the oak, the pines, the bowing mountain peaks
bring forth the solace of your breeze
open arms to a mother's gift
electric sensations pulsating through our ribs
breathing life into our dreams
the weight of man is crushing me
the weight of man is crushing me

bring forth the solace of your breeze
from looming pines, through ocean seas

oh, mother, i am breaking down
oh, mother, i call to you
ghost of the willows
the weight of man is crushing me
i am falling apart
broken into someone less than who i'm meant to be
i am lost
i am lost

bring forth the solace of your breeze
from looming pines, through the ocean seas
breathe life into these stagnant feet
restore the man that i'm meant to be
hanging beneath the nightmare, we fall apart
hoping you'll call our names, sweet voice we'll follow
in trying to preserve you, we fall apart
we fall apart, restore youth
hanging beneath the nightmare, we fall apart
hoping you'll call our names, sweet voice we'll follow
in trying to preserve you, we fall apart
we fall apart, restore youth

i am a spirit divested of human capabilities
i am a spirit
there are masses alike, hiding in plain sight
open your eyes
you can not perceive me
closed off to the senses that exist in your reality
there is a ghost in all of us
there are many that try to open their minds
deciphering the intellect of spiritual design
beyond our world
white noise
too many have come before you and failed
causing the constant scientific derail
beyond our world
open up your eyes

beyond our world lie parallels between our dimensions
images unseen
what is this entity and what does it want of me?
it has a hold on my soul, i can't get free
so many that try to open their minds
deciphering the intellect of spiritual design

beyond our world
white noise
open your eyes, you can't perceive me
closed off to the senses that exist in your reality. beyond our world
i will abandon myself
what is this entity and what does it want of me?
it has a hold on my soul, i can't get free
am i allowing my atrophy, or can i stop this from happening?
i will abandon myself

i will abandon myself
rebirth in a dimension unknown, unseen
i will leave my body
still, small voices are resonating

beyond our world lie parallels between our dimensions
images unseen
amongst the dead sound frequency, there is a pulse
images unseen

shed your skin, days on years
punished by pressured time
when underneath, you're balancing
all this hate and selfless misconception
what once was full is just the husk
of a deceived creature of habits
black ink can't pierce this deep
by your side, i watched the birds of prey
bind the skies and hold in wait
we cannot mend what is sealed by fate
no future, contentment with complacency
absorbing disappointment, bite the hand that feeds
i gave up everything to make you feel complete
drenched in cold sweat from lost comfort of safety
you resonate with hatred

my pulse is racing in my chest
i lie awake to imagine pathways of escape as they disappear

all these words mean nothing if we fall face first
from running away from something that we saw coming

embrace this sunset as cloak and dagger for you to cower
hidden by shadows, with filthy nails of gripping cowards
shed your skin
refuse to be loved by yourself to grow free from villainous vines refuse love from anyone else to sever ties that have grown intertwined

my failing mind has been oppressed
and i lie awake to embrace a pathway of escape
disappear without a trace

all these words mean nothing if we fall face first
from running away from something that we saw coming

rise through the wake
sliding through the pulse of the ocean tide
rise through the wake
sliding through the pulse of the ocean tide
shed your skin, shed your skin
i've always known what's underneath
rise through the wake or be the crashing waves

rise through the wake
sliding through the pulse of the ocean tide
rise through the wake
slide

refuse to be loved by yourself to grow free from villainous vines
refuse love from anyone else to sever ties that have grown intertwined

if i fall again, will it be the end?
i know it's wrong, you think i'm strong, but i just pretend
is it takin' over, will it bury me?
or will clarity become the cure for my disease?
oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh

stuck at the surface, not makin' progress
fallin' apart, well, i'm tryin' my hardest
lookin' for answers, findin' a rope
is the noose gettin' tighter? i'm losin' control

will the end make me whole again?

it's like holdin' on when my grip is lost
i still feed my insecurity when i know the cost
is it taking over, will it bury me?
or will clarity become the cure for my disease?

i'm gettin' older, still, lost as ever
fakin' a smile while i bury the pressure
why does this happen? i should be fine
but i can't shake the feelin', i'm livin' a lie

will the end make me whole again?

it's like holdin' on when my grip is lost
i still feed my insecurity when i know the cost
is it taking over, will it bury me?
or will clarity become the cure for my disease?

if i fall again, will it be the end?
i know it's wrong, you think i'm strong but i just pretend
is it takin' over, will it bury me?
or will clarity become the cure for my disease?
oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh

it's like holdin' on when my grip is lost
i still feed my insecurity when i know the cost
is it taking over, will it bury me?
or will clarity become the cure for my disease?

become the cure for my disease!

woah-oah-oh-ohhhh-oh-oh
woah-oah-oh-oaahhhh
woah-oah-oh-ohhhh-oh-oh
woah-oah-oh-oaahhhh

life just sucks when all you know is the bottom
it's not your choice, there's no escaping it
get up and run as far as you can
head to higher ground while there's a chance to live

don't run away, run away, runaway
don't run away, run away, runaway run!

up on the mountain i see down below
it's easy to lose yourself i know
can't hear what you're shouting, i'm deaf to your show
it's easy to lose your self control
everybody gets high, everybody gets low
life can be such overdose
up on the mountain i see down below
it's easy to lose yourself i know
in the in between

life's so dark when everyday is a struggle
why go out and see the world on fire
don't let your mindset become what controls you
speak right now and make the choice to grow

don't run away, run away, run away
don't run away, run away run!

up on the mountain i see down below
it's easy to lose yourself i know
can't hear what you're shouting, i'm deaf to your show
it's easy to lose your self control
everybody gets high, everybody gets low
life can be such overdose
up on the mountain i see down below
it's easy to lose yourself i know
in the in between
oh!
in the in between

i won't let pain get in my way
i can't have silence claiming me
we have strength in numbers, strength in numbers
to get us through the day
no compromises to be made
this is a war we're gonna win
we have strength in numbers, strength in numbers
to get us through the day

up on the mountain i see down below
it's easy to lose yourself i know
can't hear what you're shouting, i'm deaf to your show
it's easy to lose your self control
everybody gets high, everybody gets low
life can be such overdose
up on the mountain i see down below
it's easy to lose yourself i know
in the in between

woah-oah-oh-ohhhh-oh-oh
woah-oah-oh-oaahhhh
in the in between
woah-oah-oh-ohhhh-oh-oh
woah-oah-oh-oaahhhh
in the in between!

am i the son, in or out of law?
how many chances do i get before my head explodes?

what's going on?
what's going on?
when i look into the mirror, there's another gun
what's going on?
what's going on?
when i look into the mirror, there's another gun

when i tell you i'll be fine
i still want you by my side
please just try to read between the lines
where's my comfort in the undefined?
please just try to read between the lines

if i'm your son, do you hear my call?
even if everything i touch will slowly turn to stone

what's going on?
what's going on?
when i look into the mirror, there's another gun
what's going on?
what's going on?
when i look into the mirror, there's another gun

when i tell you i'll be fine
i still want you by my side
please just try to read between the lines
where's my comfort in the undefined?
please just try to read between the lines

what is the poison inside of me?
the sickness in my head
put me to sleep while i find a cure for the sickness
in my head

we are the sons
we are the daughters
the generation of disorder
we are the sons
we are the daughters
the generation of disorder

what is the poison inside of me?
the sickness in my head

when i tell you i'll be fine
i still want you by my side
please just try to read between the lines
where's my comfort in the undefined?
please just try to read between the lines

who knew you'd be hated for being who you are
and be a big target for all the insecure?

all alone in a wall-less prison
didn't forget and you're not forgiven
live every day with the pain in the back of my mind
torture doesn't begin to describe it

i won't forget
i won't forgive
i won't forget

who knew you'd be hated for being who you are
and be a big target for all the insecure?
there's a bullseye painted on our chests
in the crosshairs of the ignorant
but i am not your scapegoat anymore

all alone with my own decisions
i try to scream but you never will listen
it took a while but you're finally out of my life
and i swear there's no better feeling

i won't forget
i won't forgive
i won't forget

who knew you'd be hated for being who you are
and be a big target for all the insecure?
there's a bullseye painted on our chests
in the crosshairs of the ignorant
but i am not your scapegoat anymore

try to scream but you never will listen
didn't forget and you're not forgiven
you're not forgiven
didn't forget and you're not forgiven
no!

who knew you'd be hated for being who you are
and be a big target for all the insecure?
who knew you'd be hated for being who you are
and be a big target for all the insecure?
there's a bullseye painted on our chests
in the crosshairs of the ignorant
but i am not your scapegoat anymore

i must be doing this all wrong
should be happy but i'm searching for the voice i lost
guess i'm just human after all
i guess i'm just human after all

i woke up with the same dark feeling
head on the ground and my thoughts on the ceiling
another dream where the light is burning out
i don't know what to chase, my hope is erased
i look at myself and i don't know my own face
i just got fixed and i'm already breaking down
i just got fixed and i'm already breaking down

how do i feel when my wounds aren't healing?
why do i stop when i start believing?

i must be doing this all wrong
should be happy but i'm searching for the reasons why
puts my head in overdrive
i thought i had this figured out
i should scream but i'm still searching for the voice i lost
i guess i'm just human after all
i guess i'm just human after all

you're no good, suck it up and change it
the way you feel is a little outdated
you'll never change if you'd rather hear the lie
i don't know what to say, i'm never okay
i try to dig deep and there's nothing but pain
i'm singing my songs but the words just don't relate
i'm singing my songs but the words just don't relate

it's hard to live when my wounds aren't healing
why do i stop when i start believing?

i must be doing this all wrong
should be happy but i'm searching for the reasons why
puts my head in overdrive
i thought i had this figured out
i should scream but i'm still searching for the voice i lost
i guess i'm just human after all, all

there's not an ounce of hope inside of me
i wanna die before i fade away

i must be doing this all wrong
should be happy but i'm searching for the reasons why
puts my head in overdrive
i thought i had this figured out
i should scream but i'm still searching for the voice i lost
i guess i'm just human after all
i guess i'm just human after all
i guess i'm just human after all

you say my vision's not a vision at all
there's no degree in rock 'n' roll
say it's a waste of time
say i'll never get a real shot
i'll be bangin' my head 'til my brain rots
i'll be bangin' my head 'til my brain rots

i feel the energy from my head to my feet
there's an anger or passion empowering me
i know talk's not cheap, i'm done grinding my teeth
time to slap you in the face with reality

no structure, no prisoners
i'm not deaf, i'm just a real bad listener

no structure, no prisoners
i'm not deaf, i'm just a real bad listener
no structure, no prisoners
i'm not deaf, i'm just a real bad listener

we've been deceived by the powers that be
we're sold out to perfection but it will not come cheap
maybe i love it, i'd rather believe
i'm just breaking the surface and you will never stop me

no structure, no prisoners
i'm not deaf, i'm just a real bad listener

no structure, no prisoners
i'm not deaf, i'm just a real bad listener
no structure, no prisoners
i'm not deaf, i'm just a real bad listener

you say my vision's not a vision at all
there's no degree in rock 'n' roll
say it's a waste of time
say i'll never get a real shot
i'll be bangin' my head 'til my brain rots

no structure, no prisoners
i'm not deaf, i'm just a real bad listener
no structure, no prisoners
i'm not deaf, i'm just a real bad listener

i found my vice
i found my vice
it lives in a bottle, and wants me to die
i found my vice
i found my vice
it lives in a bottle, and wants me to die
but i want to be alive!

god i want to call you my father
i'm sick of drinking my life away
i can't remember anything
this isn't fun anymore
my body's glued to the floor
when did my king start living inside a glass bottle?
i'm dying, i'm done lying to myself
if i'm living, it's inside a hollow shell
my stomach is bleeding
but i'm still drinking
a hole inside me is now more than a metaphor

i guess a bottle can't save my life
i guess a bottle can't tame my mind

this is my reward, a barely beating heart
but i still lie to myself, i always lie to myself
my hands are in the air, and god i hope you're there
because i can't make it myself, i'll never make it myself

standing up just to fall back down
screaming nonsense to hear the sound
it doesn't matter if nobody's around
i'll hit the bottom just to feel the ground
substance therapy, never set me free
substance therapy, never set me free

i guess a bottle can't save my life
i guess a bottle can't tame my mind
i guess a bottle can't save my life
i guess a bottle can't tame my mind

this is my reward, a barely beating heart
but i still lie to myself, i always lie to myself
my hands are in the air, and god i hope you're there
because i can't make it myself, i'll never make it myself

i don't know about you, but i'm admitting now that i have a problem
i have a problem
i have a problem
i have a problem
i have a problem

i can't breathe in with hands on my neck
i scream but the grip it holds on
no reason, i'm trapped in my head
defeated
i never felt this, the voice in my face
screams violence, the grip it holds on
no reason, i'm trapped in my head
defeated

i never felt so close
to giving up on hope
should i hide it?
should i fight it?
should i roll over and die?
you never know

you never know until you know, know, know
you never know until you know, know, know
you never know until you know

i can't breathe in with hands on my neck
i scream but the grip it holds on
no reason, i'm trapped in my head
defeated

i never felt so close
to giving up on hope
should i hide it?
should i fight it?
should i roll over and die?
you never know

you never know until you know, know, know
i never felt this, the voice in my face
screams violence, the grip it holds on
no reason, i'm trapped in my head
defeated
you never know until you know

i never felt so close
to giving up on hope
should i hide it?
should i fight it?
should i roll over and die?
you never know

you never know until you know, know, know
you never know until you know, know, know
you never know until you know

i might be in too much debt with the hell in my head
i'm way too aggressive
the nervous ticks, the twitch in my neck
i'll never oppress it

how's the view up on your throne today?
are you ruling with an iron fist?
rejoice in your sickness
mental diseases
twisted philanthropist

will you bite your tongue?
will you force your drugs?
will you still be here?

chew us up, spit us out
you know what you're breeding
lost aggressive youth
push us back, hold us down
what were you expecting?
lost aggressive youth
we are the faces lost in the crowd
we may be down but we'll never be, never be out
you will hear our sound
you know what you're breeding
lost aggressive youth

are you feeling any agony?
has the power made you start to trip?
you keep on feeding
we'll keep on biting the hands of the arrogant

will you bite your tongue?
will you force your drugs?
will you still be here?

chew us up, spit us out
you know what you're breeding
lost aggressive youth
push us back, hold us down
what were you expecting?
lost aggressive youth
we are the faces lost in the crowd
we may be down but we'll never be, never be out
you will hear our sound
you know what you're breeding
lost aggressive youth

does it strike a nerve?
if my voice is heard
you've lost all control of me
it's time to find the edge
time to seek revenge
i don't have any sympathy
now we're lashing out
now you start to doubt
take a look at your reality
we're the living proof
we're the harshest truth
all thanks to you
we're the aggressive youth

chew us up, spit us out
you know what you're breeding
lost aggressive youth
push us back, hold us down
what were you expecting?
lost aggressive youth
we are the faces lost in the crowd
we may be down but we'll never be, never be out
you will hear our sound
you know what you're breeding
lost aggressive youth

lost aggressive youth
lost aggressive youth
lost aggressive youth
lost aggressive youth

i guess being clever's just my safety net

i hide behind my cadence
i hide behind the walls
i built so tall the weakness never spills
i hide all of my burdens
i twist my words so well
i'm breaking but the lie is what i sell

if i'm clever you might never understand
i feel like death and me are walking hand in hand
when my happiness is hanging by a thread i finally feel content
i guess being  clever's just my safety net
i guess being  clever's just my safety net

i'll tell you i feel better
i'll tell you i can sleep
i hope that it can bring a sense of peace
when all the nights are getting darker
the day becomes so bleak
another day i'm conscious is another day i bleed

if i'm clever you might never understand
i feel like death and me are walking hand in hand
when my happiness is hanging by a thread i finally feel content
i'm so messed up and inconsistent in my head
i feel my passing only benefits my friends
when i know nothing i say matters in the end i finally feel content
i guess being clever's just my safety net

i'm out of ways to answer
i'm out of metaphors
i finally got so sick, there is no cure
i'm out of ways to answer
i'm out of metaphors
i finally got so sick, there is no cure

if i'm clever you might never understand
i feel like death and me are walking hand in hand
when my happiness is hanging by a thread i finally feel content
i'm so messed up and inconsistent in my head
i feel my passing only benefits my friends
when i know nothing i say matters in the end i finally feel content
i guess being clever's just my safety net
i guess being clever's just my safety net

everything that i say won't mean anything less
when i'm down in a grave
and you've put me to rest
everything that i say won't mean anything less
when i'm down in a grave
and you've put me to rest

will the story end?
will it ever change?
i never knew a person could be so deranged
does it make you feel good?
do you feel strong ruining the lives of everyone you love?

as if life isn't hard already
add it to the list of things to forget
with one chance to define ourselves
we're gonna keep on living
keep on living!

this is for the kids with the beaten in lips
whose parents try to shut them up using their fists
keep living loud and proud!
they never can hold you down!
this is for the kids with a soul like mine
when people tell you living is a waste of your time
keep living loud and proud!
they never can hold you down!

pull the plug with a single decision
your way of life is a contradiction
go to rehab, celebrate with ketamine
mend the wounds and light it with kerosene!

light my wounds with kerosene
light my wounds with kerosene
light my wounds with kerosene
light my wounds with kerosene

as if life isn't hard already
add it to the list of things to forget
with one chance to define ourselves
we're gonna keep on living
keep on living!

this is for the kids with the beaten in lips
whose parents try to shut them up using their fists
keep living loud and proud!
they never can hold you down!
this is for the kids with a soul like mine
when people tell you living is a waste of your time
keep living loud and proud!
they never can hold you down!

listen to the sound of your children revolting
listen to the sound of the lives you're ruining

this is for the kids with the beaten in lips
whose parents try to shut them up using their fists
keep living loud and proud
they never can hold you down
this is for the kids with the beaten in lips
whose parents try to shut them up using their fists
keep living loud and proud!
they never can hold you down!
this is for the kids with a soul like mine
when people tell you living is a waste of your time
keep living loud and proud!
they never can hold you down!

everything that i say won't mean anything less
when i'm down in a grave
and you've put me to rest
everything that i say won't mean anything less
when i'm down in a grave
and you've put me to rest

can't take another second of this hell
making up stories, saying i'm better off dead
they want me to be this perfect thing
like everything is fine
like everything is okay

but i'm not close to perfect
i'm not close to sane
i'm not the one to worship
and i'm not the one to blame
but you made up your mind
and you put me on your stage
just take it all back
i'm not the king of anything

can't take another second of this pain
i've tried to be the person all of you want me to be
maybe i'm ok with who i am
i know i'm just a child but i'll try to be a man

but i'm not close to perfect
i'm not close to sane
i'm not the one to worship
and i'm not the one to blame
but you made up your mind
and you put me on your stage
just take it all back
i'm not the king of anything
i'm not the king of anything

i promise you there's times i'm not so sad
some days the good will even out the bad
i know i'm married to my problems
it's always in my head
and i'm destined for greatness or death
destined for greatness or death!

thought i was standing tall
repressed with no resolve
happiness and ignorance aren't so different after all

thought i was being strong
this time you're in the wrong
i've lived a lie too long
i've lived a lie too long
now push has come to shove
i signed the deed in blood
i need another drug
i need another drug

i promise you there's times i'm not so sad
some days the good will even out the bad
i know i'm married to my problems
it's always in my head
and i'm destined for greatness or death
destined for greatness or death

thought i could make demands
now i can barely stand
comfort quickly fading with the sickness setting in

now push has come to shove
i signed the deed in blood
i need another drug
i need another drug

i promise you there's times i'm not so sad
some days the good will even out the bad
i know i'm married to my problems
it's always in my head
and i'm destined for greatness or death
destined for greatness or death

i'm beginning to think i can't outrun these demons
but you know what they say, "sickness is in season"
sickness is in season

i promise you there's times i'm not so sad
some days the good will even out the bad
i know i'm married to my problems
it's always in my head
and i'm destined for greatness or death
destined for greatness or death

sickness is in season
sickness is in season

one life, one decision
one life, one decision
one life, one decision
make sure it ends with you still living

1, 2, 1, 2, 3, go!
how does it feel at the bottom of the barrel?
all your friends don't care, no your friends don't care at all
how does it feel at the bottom of the barrel?
all your friends don't care, no your friends don't care at all
rejected, rejected
you're never gonna be the one respected
infected, infected
this is the way that every life has ended

you know, this life will swallow you whole
you know, this life will swallow you whole

if i could set the clocks back
i wouldn't be headed for a body bag
one life and one decision
make sure it ends with you still living
feel like i'm on the fast track to laying face down from a heart attack
one life and one decision
make sure it ends with you still living
make sure it ends with you still living

one life, one decision
one life, one decision
one life, one decision
make sure it ends with you still living

you're never gonna touch the surface
i sure hope it's worth it
you can lie to everybody around you
but you can't lie to the hole inside you

you know, this life will swallow me whole
you know, this life will swallow me whole

if i could set the clocks back
i wouldn't be headed for a body bag
one life and one decision
make sure it ends with you still living
feel like i'm on the fast track to laying face down from a heart attack
one life and one decision
make sure it ends with you still living
make sure it ends with you still living

one life, one decision
one life, one decision
one life, one decision
make sure it ends with you still living

if i could set the clocks back
i wouldn't be headed for a body bag
one life and one decision
make sure it ends with you still living
feel like i'm on the fast track to laying face down from a heart attack
one life and one decision
make sure it ends with you still living
make sure it ends with you still living

make sure it ends with you still living
make sure it ends with you still living

i lost six of my years fighting fire with fear
and it's tearing me apart inside
i can't point all the blame
try to relive that shame
but i think it's time i took back my life

cause i'm sick of the person i used to be
so stressed out burned out living in my agony
hate all the words that they said to me
so i checked out, blacked out, wasted all those memories

i won't go back
i won't go back
i won't go back
'cause i'm sick of you, i'm sick of me
i'm sick of the person i used to be

what a pointless mistake, such a slap in the face
gotta turn this thing around again
no more holding it back, no more bending the facts
push myself, push myself, 'till i understand

cause i'm sick of the person i used to be
so stressed out burned out living in my agony
hate all the words that they said to me
so i checked out, blacked out, wasted all those memories

i won't go back
i won't go back
i won't go back
'cause i'm sick of you, i'm sick of me
i'm sick of the person i used to be

save me from the tragedy, all the memories gone bad
save me from the legacy, from my history
just save me from my broken past
just save my from my broken past

cause i'm sick of the person i used to be
so stressed out burned out living in my agony
hate all the words that they said to me
so i checked out, blacked out, wasted all those memories

i won't go back
i won't go back
i won't go back
'cause i'm sick of you, i'm sick of me
i'm sick of the person i used to be

remember the time you said son it'll be alright
remember the time you said son it will be just fine
well i'm waiting for the day that my mind says it's had enough
and i pray that day comes soon so i can finally feel loved
i just wanna feel loved
remember the time i said god i'm ready to die
remember the time i said god just take my life
remember the time that i cried every single night
and every thought about myself was out of spite
sick joke, sick joke, that's all i'll ever be to anyone
sick joke, sick joke, that's all you'll ever be to anyone
i'm nothing but sick and disgusting
i'm nothing but sick and disgusting
god, i don't know if i'll ever be ready to die
god, i'm too much of a coward to give you my life
and i know that i'm still gonna cry every single night
but if you want me i'm gonna stay here
and fight till you say "son, your heart is mine"
dad, i don't wanna be sick and disgusting
daddy, i don't wanna be sick and disgusting
dad, i don't wanna be sick and disgusting
dad, i don't wanna be sick and disgusting

oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
make me believe it
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
make me believe it
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
make me believe it

i'm stuck in december
in the middle of summer
tried finding the answers

in the end we're all just lost and alone
we don't know where to go
so we sing
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

i've got a weakness now
gotta wait the season out
my vendetta's with the evening
god knows i am never sleeping
i've got a weakness now
saying it will all work out
i'd give anything, anything, anything
to make me believe it
make me believe it

i'm watching the snow fall
every day when i wake up
no matter where i go

in the end we're all just lost and alone
we don't know where to go
we're all just lost and alone
we don't know where to go

i've got a weakness now
gotta wait the season out
my vendetta's with the evening
god knows i am never sleeping
i've got a weakness now
saying it will all work out
i'd give anything, anything, anything
to make me believe it

i've got a weakness now
gotta wait the season out
my vendetta's with the evening
god knows i am never sleeping

i've got a weakness now
gotta wait the season out
my vendetta's with the evening
god knows i am never sleeping
i've got a weakness now
saying it will all work out
i'd give anything, anything, anything
to make me believe it

oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
make me believe it
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
make me believe it
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
make me believe it

this is manipulation
yeah

i hesitated, got lost again
you saw me as wounded prey
i was a wreck, i was a bloody mess
and you couldn't look away

you broke me down
so you could take me out

this is isolation, kept in the dark and waiting
you're wearing the crown of kingdoms i created!
now, i can't escape it, all of the light is fading
this isn't trust, this is manipulation!

i didn't say what you wanna hear
and your lips began to curl
i'm pushing back and now you start acting
like you gave me the world

you broke me down
so you could take me out

this is isolation, kept in the dark and waiting
you're wearing the crown of kingdoms i created!
now, i can't escape it, all of the light is fading
this isn't trust, this is manipulation!

i don't need, i don't need, i don't need you
this isn't trust, this is manipulation!
i don't believe, don't believe, don't believe you
this isn't trust, this is manipulation!

you've got hell to pay
you'll get what's coming to you

this is isolation, kept in the dark and waiting
you're wearing the crown of kingdoms i created!
now, i can't escape it, all of the light is fading
this isn't trust, this is manipulation!

i don't need, i don't need, i don't need you
this isn't trust, this is manipulation!
i don't believe, don't believe, don't believe you
this isn't trust, this is manipulation!
this is manipulation, this is manipulation!

go be the voice of god
go live the life putting death to shame

i wasn't force fed what i think
and i don't care if you think i'm brainwashed for what i believe
but it sure wasn't from people reminding me
that i'm still a failure every sunday morning
it's my fault, it's always my fault
every time i have a problem that can't be solved

go be the voice of god
go live the life putting death to shame

tell me i've made progress
all i want is to make you proud
are the lungs in my chest still working
because sometimes i want to shout where's my savior now?

life and death is all perspective
let's go!
just don't give up, it's not worth it
life and death is a matter of perspective
give in, you know it's your purpose
even if you know you'll never deserve it

god where are you, god where are you now?
there's no substance, nothing's real anymore
but i'm still swinging, fighting like never before

go be the voice of god
go live the life putting death to shame x3

save your breath it's all turning into static
no chance you're winning this fight
kill the lights and let's do a little dancing
hope you came here ready to die

sink a little lower, get a little higher
finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"
sink a little lower, get a little higher
finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"

i'm running out of answers, i've lost my head
i pushed all of your buttons and you want me dead
tossing and turning and blowing smoke
hope you're ready for revenge, 'cause i've had enough

sink a little lower, get a little higher
finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"
sink a little lower, get a little higher
finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"

save your breath it's all turning into static
there's no chance you're winning this fight
kill the lights and let's do a little dancing
i hope you came here ready to die

you're running out of time and your voice is blown
you've lost all of the power now you've lost your home
i make the decisions, i chose my path
i'm sending you to hell and i won't look back

sink a little lower, get a little higher
finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"
sink a little lower, get a little higher
finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"

save your breath it's all turning into static
there's no chance you're winning this fight
kill the lights and let's do a little dancing
i hope you came here ready to die

finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"
fire, fire, fire, fire
fire, fire, fire, fire
fire, fire, fire, fire

save your breath it's all turning into static
there's no chance you're winning this fight
kill the lights and let's do a little dancing
i hope you came here ready to die

finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"
finger on the trigger scream "ready, aim, fire!"

intro:
"in this there is no teacher, no pupil; there is no leader; there is no guru; there is no master, no saviour
you yourself are the teacher and the pupil; you are the master; you are the guru; you are the leader; you are everything. and to understand is to transform what is."

"you have to be a light to yourself-not a light of a professor, or a historian, psychologist, or the light of jesus or the light of the buddha-you have to yourself. in a world that is impossibly becoming dark."

i know that what's in front of me
is a reflection of what is inside of me
and i see i need to be myself
cause it's so lonely in the eyes of someone else
and i feel, oh how i feel
yeah i feel and i always will
i starve to live free from fear
to free myself before i disappear
i am forever more than just surviving
this is my life and this life is my diamond

my time, your time, our time is running out
my time, your time, our time is running out
my time, your time, our time is running out
my time, your time, our time is running out

i found a place to belong
so i went all in
i walked right in the mouth of it
and never looked back again
the only thing that remains
through the loss and the pain
as for me, there was no other choice
i'm married to the noise

we've been pushed to the side
while the fake walk the line
i've seen it all my life
you praise what is weak and keep carrying on
you cannot kill my will to belong

what's inside me still pushes on

i don't care if you can't see what i see
i'm still here
oh, oh
no, i don't care
i never needed a reason
yeah, i'm still here
oh, oh

through and through
this has always been my truth
and it can't be killed
so i won't let you crush what we built
lost on you
somewhere along the line you forgot
what this meant to all of us
and i've had enough

i don't care if you can't see what i see
i'm still here
oh, oh
no, i don't care
i never needed a reason
yeah, i'm still here
oh, oh
so keep rolling your eyes
i'd rather be dead than settle with your way of life
so i don't care what you think about me
yeah, i'm still here
oh, oh

through the loss and the pain
the only thing that remains
and i was finally heard through the pain of my voice
as for me there was no other choice

i don't care if you can't see what i see
i'm still here
oh, oh
no, i don't care
i never needed a reason
yeah, i'm still here
oh, oh
so keep rolling your eyes
i'd rather be dead than settle with your way of life
so i don't care what you think about me
yeah, i'm still here
oh, oh

the only thing that remains
through the loss and the pain
as for me, there was no other choice
i'm married to the noise

i know the things i've done
and most i'm proud, but some i'm not
and it's those that speak the loudest
that replay and keep me up
broken and alone
to face this on my own

and if i can't learn from what i've done
the pain i've felt has been for nothing
all for nothing
and if i can't forgive myself for the pain i've caused
it will always haunt me
oh, i'm so sorry
i'm so sorry

i don't want a second chance
i just want to understand
what led me down this path, oh
and how i can lead myself back
i'll face this on my own

and if i can't learn from what i've done
the pain i've felt has been for nothing
all for nothing
and if i can't forgive myself for the pain i've caused
it will always haunt me
oh, i'm so sorry
i'm so sorry

oh i'm so sorry
oh i'm so sorry
oh i'm so sorry
oh i'm so sorry
oh

and if i can't learn from what i've done
the pain i've felt has been for nothing
all for nothing
and if i can't forgive myself for the pain i've caused
it will always haunt me
i'm so sorry

you've heard it all before
"this time won't be the same, you can trust me"
but you know my fucking game
say what i have to, to get what i need
now the evil delivered swings back at me
weak attempts at change
carry me backward
too little, too late
now live with the hurt
for everything i have an excuse
but some things are not long hidden:
the sun, the moon, the truth

now i live with the hurt
live with the hurt
this is what i deserve

break me down
the only way i'll learn
the guilt is overwhelming
take me out, the pain of me returns
my sins fucking destroy me

i am forced to face the fire i create
and watch as it annihilates everything
hold me back while i watch it burn
the price i pay, the suffering returns
now the hands of fate are here to collect
nothing here is safe until i reflect
i run from myself, no end in sight
numb on the inside from living a lie

now i watch as it burns
watch as it burns
this is what i deserve

break me down
the only way i'll learn
the guilt is overwhelming
take me out, the pain of me returns
my sins fucking destroy me

you can shelter yourself from the sun
and you can hide from the moon
but there is nothing you can do
when the truth strikes its light on you

now i must live with the hurt
now i must live with the hurt

the pain of me returns
the pain of me returns
the pain of me returns
now i must live with the hurt

"you just figure it out your way. you just figure it out your own way, because in the end no matter which way or direction this goes, you're the only person that can do it."

i've gone to hell and back
searching for answers
that do not exist
i tore everything apart
needing a reason
for feeling like this
it left me with nothing
but this hole in my chest
so i looked inside to see what i'd find
the true journey begins

"i have every bit of faith and confidence that you're gonna find your peace."

don't hide the truth inside of you
from anyone
'cause i just can't be what they want me to be
can anyone?

i made a promise to myself that i intend to keep
i made a promise that i will no longer
no longer
live three feet from peace

when violence is the only language this world comprehends don't be surprised when it speaks in a way you can understand
constant state of brutal aggression and total devastation
relentless punishment warrants violent reactions
and we're all just hanging on by a thread
by a thread, by a thread

i can't believe you will not see
the ones you've grown to hate are just like you and me
you can't bury me in your disbelief

you give your fear a face
and now you call it your enemy
it's all i see
it's all i fucking see

such narrow understanding, just use your fucking head
you can't see past yourself, you're just as good as dead
i want no part of your one sided perspective
i have no patience for your malicious intentions

i can't believe you will not see
the ones you've grown to hate are just like you and me
you can't bury me in your disbelief

you give your fear a face
and now you call it your enemy
you give your fear a face

war is all i fucking see

it's all i see
you can't bury me
you give your fear a face
in your disbelief
and now you call it your enemy

stay and keep me up

stay and keep me up
and i'll try not to drift away
but it's on the days i don't pick up
that i can't find the words or answers that you need to hear from me

i knew we'd sink, but i still jumped in

so if you're going under, don't let me go
let's just drown inside the things we love the most
and you can say what you want, and that's okay
but we found the reasons that we needed to walk away
we needed to walk away

and we knew that even if it killed us, we'd still let it pull us in
yeah, we carried more, more than we could take
hoping that somewhere along the line it would all fall into place

'cause in the end you can't stop the wind

so if you're going under, don't let me go
let's just drown inside the things we love the most
and you can say what you want, and that's okay
but we found the reasons that we needed to walk away

i knew we'd sink
but for some reason i still jumped in
'cause in the end
after everything we did, you can't stop the wind

so if you're going under, don't let me go
let's just drown inside the things we love the most
and you can say what you want, and that's okay
but we found the reasons that we needed to walk away
even if we found a way, it would never be the same

i left scars on your heart
like the cracks in the concrete
you know i feel them too
you know i feel them too
since the day that i left i punish myself
hoping to find some truth
but you have to believe
i just didn't know what else to do
and now the life that i left is leaving me too

set free
you stood by me when no when else would
set free
trusted my vision when i didn't think that i could
set free

you tried desperately to keep my head above water
for the sake of us
but somewhere along the line
i lost track of who i was
i just got so tired of pulling you under
under with me
and now that i lost you, i lost everything

set free
you stood by me when no when else would
set free
trusted my vision when i didn't think that i could
not a day goes by that i don't think of you
set free
how can i live with myself and what i put you through?

this is not an apology
or an admission of guilt
this is a realization of how i destroyed
all the things we've built

set free
you stood by me when no when else would
set free
trusted my vision when i didn't think that i could
not a day goes by that i don't think of you
set free
how can i live with myself and what i put you through?
set free

when opening the gates of hell still isn't enough
what else will it take?
will we not stop until all is destroyed?
is losing everything the only way this will change?

and i ask myself: is this the final warning?

and when it all opens up and starts devouring us
i hope we see the truth, that it was me and you
and when it all falls apart, i hope we see who we are
we can't hide in the wake of this, so you better beware

you may have your reasons
but that doesn't make them right
the state of humanity faces a truth
with no cure in sight
one hand out-stretched, desperately reaching
to pull us from death
and the other gripping the trigger
a bullet aimed right at its head

and still i ask myself: is this the final warning?

and when it all opens up and starts devouring us
i hope we see the truth, that it was me and you
and when it all falls apart, i hope we see who we are
we can't hide in the wake of this, we can't hide

and when it all opens up and starts devouring us
i hope we see the truth, that it was me and you
and when it all falls apart, i hope we see who we are
we can't hide in the wake of this, so you better beware

this is the last and final warning
it's fucking tearing us down
this is the last and final warning
i hope you hear us now
cave canem
cave canem
this is the last and final warning
cave canem
this is the last and final warning
i hope you hear us now

"we gotta get rid of these fuckin' money-hungry, greedy people. me, i'm sad. i cry. you know, this is my...my company, and when i die, i'm going to go back to this place. why can't you just respect my grandmother, you know? respect my...my ways, you know? your ways don't work. it's never gonna work because you got the money in front of you. you killed your god. how can i believe in somebody that killed their own god, and now here to destroy us?"

i did not ask for any of this
but that doesn't mean
that the sins of my father and what he passed down
do not belong to me
a foundation of shit upon which we salute
blinded by greed
but the higher it builds, worse gets the view
have we learned nothing, nothing at all?

can not the prisoner dream
to one day be free?
can not the child plagued with disease
hope to end their suffering?
can not the mother who buries her son
wish to see him again?

it echoed in me when you said:
"there is no point, this is the world we live in"
"there is no point, this is the world we live in"
"there is no point, this is the world we live in"

the fire burns
our faces warm from its heat
nights like these, they make me think
about the person i once was
and the person i'll become
my mind turns
and steps its weight upon my throat
desperate for breath while watching me choke
if this is the end
you can bet your ass, i won't go out like them
these feelings, they keep pulling at me
and they won't let go
until i face the fact, until i reap what i sow
their voices, they keep calling you
they keep calling at you
until they make you believe that there's nowhere to go
they'll do everything they can to drag you under
but you know the truth
so don't let these motherfuckers come at you
most times the things to which we cling
aren't the same things that we need
we sit and watch our dance of death
as we slowly drown in this selfishness
this is the end, you're one of us
i can't go out like them, better ash than dust
better ash than dust
these choices, they keep following you
but you can't back down
yeah, they gotta believe that there's no way out
our voices, the last thing they'll hear
as they smash down upon us
what will continue is what we allow
most times the things to which we cling
aren't the same things that we need
and sometimes the things we love
are the things we need to leave
we sit and watch our dance of death
as we slowly drown in this selfishness
this is the end, you're one of us
i can't go out like them, better ash than dust
better ash than dust
better ash than dust
better ash than dust
"i choose to reflect the times and situations in which i find myself. that, to me, is my duty. and at this crucial time in our lives, when everything is so desperate, when everyday is a matter of survival, i don't think you can help but be involved. young people, black and white, know this. that's why they're so involved in politics. we will shape and mold this country or it will not be molded and shaped at all anymore. so i don't think you have a choice. how can you be an artist and not reflect the times?"

"right here, right now, you are free."

destroy the voices that cripple me
i realize i'm in everything
can't change the past, but what i hold in my hands
is the light of myself, i finally understand
death to oppression on every level
for my life i will never settle
far too long i sabotaged myself
to believe that what sets me free is up to someone else

you have to decide
will you consume or block out the light?
your mind, the anchor or the way which you see
you just have to believe

you are free
no matter what they do or what they say
believe, you are free
the true power of you can't be taken away
believe, you are free
inward and out, you are free
destroy the doubt, you are free
no matter what they say
the true power of you can't be taken away

never forget
what is, doesn't have to be

no matter what they do or what they say
believe, you are free
the true power of you can't be taken away
believe, you are free
inward and out, you are free
destroy the doubt, you are free
no matter what they say
the true power of you can't be taken away

you have to decide
you have to decide
you have to decide
you have to decide
you have to decide
you have to decide

i've lost so much sleep
mistaking your voice in my ear
for the voice in my head
your guilt stacked against me
convinced that i'd bend
i just rolled over and prayed for the end

what chance do i have when you expect me to fail
before i even begin?
your expectations can't take me out
i'm done betting against myself

i won't be
i won't be doomed by you
i won't be
no, i won't be doomed

you had me caught in a tide of self-doubt
swimming against your current, but i won't fucking drown
won't fucking drown
i can see you for what you've become
so don't wonder why you're left with no one

what chance do i have when you expect me to fail
before i even begin?
your narrow predictions won't take me down
i'm done betting against myself

i won't be
i won't be doomed by you
i won't be
no, i won't be doomed

you made me believe that this was about me
when the truth is, you fucking coward
you don't have what it takes
no, you don't have what it takes
you don't have what it takes
no, you don't have what it takes

i pass the time with tediousness
watching my life pass hour by hour
these destructive patterns of life
set my mind spiraling downward
will i allow what is expected of me to dull
the sharp edge of my life?
or will i take into my hands
the use of my time?

this is not what was meant for me
a weak existence of shallow priority
this is not what was meant for me
so i quiet my mind to hear the inner authority

no more resistance
destroy the dominant power of fear
control my existence
when i'm listening the answers are clear
i am what i seek
i now understand
so from here on out
i will not seek what i am
i will not seek what i am

i'm a firm believer in letting the past be the past
but sometimes you have to go back
you have to go back
to remind ourselves of the things we lost
the weight we shed
the lessons learned and how much they've cost

as for me, i realize this life is not guaranteed
and we are not promised the things that we need
but this life always has a way
to force you to face yourself
and i've avoided it for way too long
as for me, i realize this life is not guaranteed
and we are not promised the things that we need
wasted days are suicide
if you're not satisfied
you have no one to blame but yourself

there was a time
when i did things just to do them
when i let my heart lead me to the lions
there was a time
when i saw the value in uncertainty
and there was no difference between you and me
there was a time
when everything didn't seem so out of place
there was a time
when we said, "fuck them all" and just walked their fucking race
there was a time
when we just laughed at everything and everyone
there was a time
where is the time?

i'm going back to find the better days before me
i'm going back to find the better days before me
i'm going back to find the better days before me
there was a time
now is the time
and i'm fucking going back

i'm going back
i'm going back to find the better days before me

there's a story of a young man
who was taken from his home
he missed his sister become a woman
and his father growing old
from the distance he watched his mother
mourn a loss, all alone
and when he thinks about his brother
he can't seem to find the phone
from the window of his life he can see his home
as it passes by, he feels a pain no one knows
past every better judgement he packs his things to run away
like an ocean distances a beast that can't be tamed
woah, woah, woah
he left you behind
woah, woah, woah
he left you behind
now the young man roams the globe
searching for the very thing he left at home
he searched far and wide, under every stone
the more he walked the more he was alone
this young man is a lot like me
except he learned from those mistakes he made
if i don't slow down i might break
i'll be trapped forever in this cage
from the window of my life i can see home
as it passes by i feel a pain no one knows
past every better judgement i pack my things to run away
like an ocean distances a beast that can't be tamed
woah, woah, woah
he left you behind
woah, woah, woah
he left you behind

i know you, because you're just like me
always questioning every single thing
never giving up without a fight
because for you, your resistance is a way of life
young and angry, with every right to be
bent but not broken, hanging on by a thread
looked past by most, looked down on by all
we don't need them, it's forever us against them all
woah, woah forever us against them all
woah, woah forever us against them all
woah, woah forever us against them all
woah, woah forever us against them all
a fire burns inside you, fueled by everything
that you've ever been through
every battle you fight goes uphill
but nothing can ever break your iron will
young and angry, with every right to be
bent but not broken, hanging on by a thread
looked past by most, looked down on by all
we don't need them, it's forever us against them all
woah, woah forever us against them all
woah, woah forever us against them all
woah, woah forever us against them all
woah, woah forever us against them all
we don't need them!

"people's need to protect...
people's need to protect...
people's need to protect...
people's need to protect...
people's need to protect...
people's need to protect...
...their own egos knows no bounds. they will lie, cheat, steal, kill, do whatever it takes."

"there is no such thing as an external enemy,...
...no matter what that voice in your head is telling you
...no matter what that voice in your head is telling you
...no matter what that voice in your head is telling you
...no matter what that voice in your head is telling you
...no matter what that voice in your head is telling you
...no matter what that voice in your head is telling you."

i don't think i could ever let you go
but if you stay i know that i'll lose control
and all the things that we've been through
i can't believe all i've done just to protect you
suffocated by the thin line i walk between
who i am and who i think i should be
pointed every finger i could, still nothing's right to me

i am the enemy

such pain
climbs like ivy
from my feet to my face

such pain
climbs like ivy
from my feet to my face

my only enemy is me
my only enemy is me
my only enemy is me

"your greatest enemy is your own inner perception, is your own ignorance, is your own ego."

her name is amber
she has eyes like her mother
she's beautiful, bright and the whole world's in front of her
she has a smile that could end a war
yet no one wants her and she has nothing to care for
she's only 14 and she thinks:
"why is the weight of the world crashing down on me?"
'cause as of late the sun doesn't seem to shine so bright
and the place where my heart once was has lost its fight
she's on her own
and as she braves her storm
all alone
she screams, "oh
i've had enough, please make this go
the sea is rough and i'm drowning slow"
her mind-numbing pain has her lost in the undertow
i just wish she knew she didn't have to be alone
you don't have to be alone
you're not alone
you're not alone
her arms are locked in the devils chains
and her heart, broken and trapped in a steel cage
she can't catch her breath as she chokes on the pain
so she brings her pain to the surface of her skin
your frozen agony burns you
can't even begin to know
the nightmare that you've been through
only you can break the cycle that plagues you
there is a light, you just have to see it through
she's on her own
and as she braves her storm
all alone
she screams, "oh
i've had enough, please make this go
the sea is rough and i'm drowning slow"
her mind-numbing pain has her lost in the undertow
i just wish she knew she didn't have to be alone
she screams, "oh
i've had enough, please make this go
the sea is rough and i'm drowning slow"
her mind-numbing pain has her lost in the undertow
but please just know: you're not alone

i am an accident in a game of chance
so i'll use my numbered days any way i can
i realize i was never meant to be
i am owed nothing

i have spent too much time feeling sorry for myself
playing victim, thinking of nobody else
giving nothing, but expecting something in return
always running from the lessons i'm supposed to learn

i learned the hard way
it's just here for a second, then it all goes back
i'm missing something
the hope that we carry is all we have
i won't live in fear
that at any moment it can all just disappear
i learned the hard way
we're just here for a second, then we all go back

i am owed nothing

every second of our lives is on borrowed time
so use it now, 'cause you won't get a second try
everything you've ever loved won't last
and anything that we use is paid back

i learned the hard way
it's just here for a second, then it all goes back
i'm missing something
the hope that we carry is all we have
i won't live in fear
that at any moment it can all just disappear
i learned the hard way
we're just here for a second, then we all go back

in the end what we refuse to let go all becomes nothing
move
what we refuse to let go all becomes nothing
what we refuse to let go all becomes nothing

it's time we realized we were never meant to be
we are owed nothing

i learned the hard way
it's just here for a second, then it all goes back
i'm missing something
the hope that we carry is all we have
i won't live in fear
that at any moment it can all just disappear
i learned the hard way
we're just here for a second, then we all go back

so, i started with the best of intentions, not knowing what exactly it was i'd pay; for the many broken toes that i had left in my wake. there was a price i'd pay, but i did it anyway
so, i lived in this dark place i'd call my home. i was miserable, and always in a fog. i was surrounded by what most would call "pitiful" conditions,  "unthinkable " way of life, but i did it anyway
in lair hill, i tried to find my place. i threw caution to the wind, and always fell from grace. i was scared at every fear i faced. always falling short, i had to leave that place in lair hill. in lair hill
everything just started to get cold. i had the world convinced i was okay, but i could never leave that place where i was a little boy. it meant growing up, but i didn't like the taste
i broke free from everything i was, but i had to face the monster i'd become to get there. i was sick, sick of feeling worthless and full of guilt. i begged for an answer, and a life worth living. i had to own it now to know, and feel the price i'd paid
in lair hill, i tried to find my place. i threw caution to the wind, and always fell from grace. i was scared at every fear i faced. always falling short, i had to leave that place in lair hill. in lair hill

all the times we have shared and all the memories i have
brought me back to square one
now i'm running on empty
only you could pick me up
without thinking twice
you wrapped your arms around me
when we find truth inside ourselves
it's hard not to run away
but we must capture and embrace
it's how we truly live our lives
we will be everything we have been dreaming of
when i look in the mirror what i see
is the only thing that i can be
i come to you now, defenses down
defenseless now
when you look at me i want to be
everything you want to see
i come to you now defenses down
defenseless now

though hard times seem to be pressed against us
i see a light ahead now
and the time has come for each of us to go
and learn
and become what we have been dreaming of
just get me out

today is yesterday's tomorrow
and we might not be here tomorrow
we have to make the best of every second we have
this could be the last time i breathe in

that i breathe in
that i breathe in
that i breathe in

because there are things upon this earth
we as human beings are not meant to endure
like being subject to an overall judgmental society
it makes me sick to know that my life will be
represented by the world we are in now

get me out. just get me out of this world
this is something that i fear time cannot heal for me
everyday it's getting harder to find the energy
get me out. just get me out of this world
this is something that i fear time cannot heal for me
everyday it's getting harder to find the energy

today is yesterday's tomorrow
and we might not be here tomorrow
we have to make the best of every second we have
this could be the last time iwe breathe in

it makes us sick to know that our lives will be
represented by this world that we are existing in now
get me out, get me out, get me out.
it makes us sick to know that our lives will be
represented by this world that we are existing in now
get me out, get me out, get me out.

the fragility of a days time, is never enough to capture
the essence of our most sought after lives
now, we sleep. why are we so tired?
exhaustion just blurs everything
now we must wake and seize
invigorate once again and embrace everything
everything. everything
and there are times when my mind won't receive anything
i find these are my darkest days
in heart and mind i find it hard to remain myself
when everything is collapsing around me
can we remain awake long enough to feel again?
can we retain enough thought to feel brand new again?
can we remain? awake enough to truly feel again?
can we embrace? will i ever know how many steps to climb?
and what it will take for me to wake and embrace this path
and isn't it enough that every breath i give
falls short of what this life demands
so here i stand, to capture and embrace
everything that will come my way

i'm reaching out, for the first time
this is my call to the world
this is my call to the world
i'm reaching out
and there will never be a last time
go and learn, because there's things in me
that i've seen, inside us all, but
now you know its day to day
that's how i've learned these things
i'm reaching out
and there will never be a last time
this is my call to the world
seeing as your the giant and i'm just little me
i will just stand here in complacency
and not say a fucking thing
this is my life, my voice is to be heard
this is a world that we all share
i refuse to stand here
towered with fear, any longer
you are you and i am me
that will always and forever be
i refuse to live under your tyranny
we're all here to live our lives
i won't live in fear any longer
you are you and i am me
it's the steps in life we take that makes us who we are!

i am the author of my life
and i'm writing in pen, and i can't rub out my mistakes
if i could start again in life, i would repeat all my mistakes
they make us who we are in this world

making changes everyday, but it seems so empty
i try so hard, but i am only a man
how much longer can my brow damn these beads of sweat
before they sting my eyes?
like time has shown me, so many times before
how much longer can my will last me throughout this lifetime?
i struggle to find who i am anymore

i know now that who i am is better than who i used to be
if this is all i am, then so be it, this is all i can be
i know now that who i am is better than who i used to be
if this is all i am, then so be it, this is all i can be
all i can be

i am the author of my life
and i'm writing in pen, and i can't rub out my mistakes

there are many things that aren't what they seem in this world
friendship is the best example of these
i find myself questioning more and more every single day
how much longer can we hold our brothers to these flames?
and the people who have meant so much to us?

i know now that who i am is better than who i used to be
if this is all i am, then so be it, this is all i can be
i know now that who i am is better than who i used to be
if this is all i am, then so be it, this is all i can be

i only hope you understand the invigoration that has filled me within these past coming years
i have felt more than any other living being on this earth, i was born with a resentment only few can understand
but to capture everything i'm yearning for within this moment, is a fear most men can't comprehend within their lifetime
i have fallen from grace in your eyes
only to ache, from the will to return to the place in your heart
i know i've captivated something in you, after all these years
if you can't see, at least understand
i don't believe that i have ever seen your eyes look so tired
in my mind, it's better if we both take time apart and fix ourselves
if i decide to reunite with an old friend, or make amends, or just pretend to be alright with who you are, well i'm not

forced to wake everyday, but never really waking up
like a cross i must bear, accepting this, is the hardest part
white towers fill my mouth. breathe in, in mere moments
this will pass, and things will change
waiting. embracing calm before the storm
wondering what the future may have in store
as i ponder these things, what's happening to me?
my breathing is normal, my eyes are open
but nothings in front of me
i have been here before
but i can't seem to find my way out this time
i'm staring out the window and i'm seeing my ideal life
but i can't seem to find the latch to open it up
will i be back? can we make our way back?
i knew these things, happened often
but what happened to me?
it's reality now because
this must mean that i've lost everything
can we make our way back?
times like these i feel so vulnerable and mass-less
i know that this shield from the sun will lift
we will walk the brittle lines
and our name will stand the test of time
this will bring everything to light
11:11. haunts me. and now i'm wondering, will i be back?

face to face with the world by day, and it's idiocrasies
a decent sense of direction is the only thing that's keeping me on my feet
and my head to the ground
if i don't see i can't believe
i am free and i'm not convinced that easily

listen, open your eyes
everything that you've been searching for is right here, waiting

i don't claim that i know everything
but i know a presumptuous desire for a second life is not me
to live in vain, it's not me

i've been told there is a reason for us being here
our lives are gold, but they will be lost
like meteors burning in the atmosphere
i'm not sold that easily
but i'll give hope to those scared to die like me

oh how cruel can'this world be?
can we grow? can we learn? can we breathe?
if i must lay myself to sleep, am i guaranteed?
will i see? another day upon this beautiful, pristine earth...
i have lived my life, my choices, exact. to a tee
and no one can take that away from me
life. my life was comfortable
blind pride. the time has come for me
will i see? when the things change in this world
we can't always change with them
but look ahead, and find those things
that are brighter than our hearts, only at this time
you and i understand, that what the future may bear
can never wear thin the callouses and what we have become
few are radiant in this world while most are fading
i can see it in your eyes your captivated
there comes a moment in each others lives
where we must face the facts
that the people we love, and the things we do
can't always be the things that we strive for

ill clear this path again, and ill find you. now you're all by yourself alone in your shell. this is my strength, my compassion, my clenched fists, these are my aspirations. sift through these ruins of desolations, i will recoup. through the means of mediation

express myself, through these blots of ink, i will rid myself of these memories

this is what it means to me

note: the distance between someone who we love and how their absence makes us stronger as a person is a hard learning experience. but their mistakes show us to never follow in their footsteps

holding hindsight, terrible decisions and blurred days
not a care at all back then of the man i'd be today
i dug myself a hole
now the ground's too far to reach, so it seems
i'm done living this life of contradiction

it makes me scared to know that i portray my life through words you've read
the words you've read
and what good is your heart and the words that you say when you're dead?
i have so much left to give

i'm wasting away, becoming the person i never wanted to be and i won't let these things dictate who i am i'll be the person that you never had
and what a world i've woke to
all of you are so far i've been standing still
because i had it burning at both ends

burning at both ends for far too long
they made me feel alive, they made me feel whole
now i'm nothing but alive and far from whole

walking down the wrong roads, time and time again
i've put so much shit into myself, i don't know how i am standing
i pushed myself from you all
and i have no one else to blame but myself
and this fucking empty shell that i am left with

lies, i've said
i can't take them back, but i can start over
not sure if i'm proud of the life i've lead
but i am still alive, so i can make a difference
i can make this change

i'm wasting away, becoming the person i never wanted to be and i won't let these things dictate who i am
and what a world i've woke to
all of you are so far i've been standing still
because i had it burning at both ends

burning at both ends for far too long
they made me feel alive, they made me feel whole
now i'm nothing but alive and far from whole

lies, i've said
i can't take them back, but i can start over
not sure if i'm proud of the life i've lead
but i am still alive, so i can make a difference
i can make this change

i am the chosen one. and with this voice i can compose, a new sound, an anomaly

i want to see words fall from this pen onto these lines. i want to see me and my friends rise above in these crucial times. hear me now, as i find myself, my feelings hold me down

without words, communication and the passion in our brother's lives, are never heard. without love the capabilities of our hearts are never reached

we have to open our minds, open our hearts. i've never felt so empty; my words have never fallen so short

i try to fight these changes but i lack confidence

everyday i wake, time wears me down, i am falling apart...

i want to see words fall from this pen onto these lines. i want to see me and my friends rise above in these crucial times. hear me now; as i find myself, my feelings hold me down. and as i rise up i always fall to the ground...

even though i shall fall i will always stand up, dress the wounds, breathe in the air, this is who i am , i am an anomaly...

note: waking up everyday to this sometimes uninspiring world is what keeps us going. but the dreams and visions we have before we wake, is what keeps us alive..

looking in your eyes
i knew you were the one that would hold me close
the that wouldn't let go
i have an open heart to chagne the ones i love
but some chose to save face, turn and walk away from me
that's ok, because the hardest part of being human is learning to let go
and pick your battles well
if patience is a virtue, we are waiting patiently
time will show us who are, whether or not we'd like to see
this idea that we've called life is to become the best you can be
i'm trying harder everyday to find the man that i plan to be...
i found him, i crossed the lines to be him
there's no more wondering why..
i am him, i'm done wasting time
it was always something more to me
it was everything
it was something more to me
but you turned and walked away
although alone at times, i'll see this through

today is the day that i face the fact that the world is what i make of it and if i change today, then i'll have a chance to show real true love for one thing in my life without failing
from here on out, i vow to push myself another step above
from here on out i vow to do my best for the ones i love
today is the day that i take the past mistakes that i have made and i throw them out the window
along with the people tha have fucked me in the past, to show them that the best revenge is success and who i am is everything they wish they were
we've taken nothing
we're giving everything back
today is the day we realize we need to change and reflect the light of the gods that we were born to be
i'll bury my mistakes as i bury you

this is who we'are, the ones of sacrifice
we will not be judged, for we have lost so much
so let's go, to the deepest' place in your heart
and find the one thing that you want most
would you give everything that you have just to taste it?
it begins to become something so much more than just a dream
are you capable enough to capture it?
even if you could take our world and take our lives
and change hearts, and change time
you would never see us more fulfilled, then we are now
waking up to the same scenery leaves me empty
doorways becoming heavier, hourly
and i know, its just apart of getting older
i remember when you sat me down, arm around my shoulder
and you said "the greatest reward is of sacrifice"
waking up to the open road, everyday, keeps me yearning
doorways becoming lighter, hourly
this is who we are, the ones of sacrifice
this is who we are the ones of sacrifice

strength, comes in time
the strength to push me through these days
the strength to find an epiphany
i have learned these things from barriers
trial and tribulation
and running from, the crumbling edges
that present themselves on our paths in life
i will survive
i know that everything i have in my life
is from those who truly care or resent me
life, is so eventful, and the things we learn
this is sadly something some may never some however, know
i am thankful for everything that i have to give
it gets so frustrating when people build walls
can we tear them down?
we can tear them down
we need to find the strength inside ourselves and open up
we need to find the strength in side ourselves to tear these walls down

to be in a place that has something with substance to offer
i'm trying to be there. it's getting so much harder
is there anything with any density left for me to see?
it's hard for me to believe with all this shit around me
people let foe push friend, and lay these feelings to rest
when i know there's something to be done to help
these moments we hold close always belong to us
and i know there's something to be said
too many people in the world holding themselves back
who need to tear into their hearts just to feel them beating
living for your dreams is a lost art in this narrow world
looking past the framework to push yourself is all but gone
to create something, and hold that something
is a feeling that i'll never let go of, not for anything
to create something, and hold that something
is a feeling that i'll never let go of
i'll push myself to feel it
i'll build it over and start again
embrace the will of an artisan
i know there's something to be done to help
i know there's something to be said

knowing this life is up to you is something you have to hold onto
there's no textbook for this life, no saying what's right for me
i'm not settling; i'm still listening, just not buying in
your wealth and possessions don't impress me; or your life
you can call it what you will, but your paradise is still a cage with gold bars
i want to know what it feels like to hold it in my hands and heart
and let the warmth bask over me
the feeling of being alive, hold it; you never know when its leaving
let the course that's supposed to be happen

living in a world of tradition, i'll break myself away
we all need to go our own way and chase all the horizons
you need to feel for yourself and break paths with those that will blind you
a man that tells you how to feel is a man that will tear you down
they're only depriving from themselves the experience that could define who they are
but we will find ours, we will find it
we will accept from the world all that is has to offer
we're not blinded, we carry the fire inside ourselves
and we will burn the tryant beside us
line up the world's traditions
they will be broken down, they will be set on fire
by the will to change for the better
this is our chance to break way
with tradition gone, what feels right for me will stay
it baffles me how many people live their lives
with eyes cloaked over and only see one dimensionally
they push their beliefs on you and me
but trust me, their fruitless efforts will go unseen

running around in circles
and i'm heading nowhere fast
because more was said in silence
than i could ever say in this song
so how many times
how many times
so how many times must i beat my head against a wall
before i finally break through?

is this where it ends?
can i be myself ever again?
the sights and sounds, the rise and the fall
it all played out with my life on pause
this is where it ends
i will not stay silent ever again
the sights and sounds, the rise and the fall
i'll find my way after all

i don't have it in me to sing of defeat
triumph over tragedy

for all the demons that follow me around
it's time i put you six feet deep underground
it's time to put you six feet deep underground

is this where it ends?
can i be myself ever again?
the sights and sounds, the rise and the fall
it all played out with my life on pause
this is where it ends
i will not stay silent ever again
the sights and sounds, the rise and the fall
i'll find my way after all

the beat goes on
yeah, and the beat goes on

foundations that could never break
was moving forward a mistake?
or is that me pretending?
what happened to my happy ending?
foundations that could never break
was moving forward a mistake?
or is that me pretending?
what happened to my happy ending?
today i woke up to a brand new me
i know i can't rewrite history
yesterday is gone
and i'm ready for what tomorrow brings

foundations that could never break
was moving forward a mistake?
or is that me pretending?
what happened to my happy ending?
the beat goes on
the beat goes on
yesterday is gone
but the beat goes on
foundations that could never break
was moving forward a mistake?
or is that me pretending?
what happened to my happy ending?
the beat goes on
the beat goes on
yesterday is gone
but the beat goes on

grab ahold of me, i've got my arms up
pull me out from this darkness
it's so hard for me to see the light at the end of the tunnel

if it's a war you came to see you will never see a waved white flag in front me
i can't end up dead, i won't be misled
i'll keep singing this song inside my head

a phoenix rise? or your demise?
do i have to put your name on this grave? or give you one more shot?
this addiction came like a freight train
you're coming off of the rails again
it's hard for you to see the light at the end of the tunnel

if it's a war you came to see you will never see a waved white flag in front me
i can't end up dead, i won't be misled
i'll keep singing this song inside my head

on a one way course set for destruction, full speed ahead
the time has come for you to start things over
hold on, full speed ahead

all my life i've been waiting for something, that never came
it never came. but i'm still saying
all my life i've been searching for something
to break these chains
to break these chains
but i'll keep swinging

all my life, i've been waiting for something, for something that never came
it never came. but i'm still saying
all my life i've been searching for something for something
to break these chains
to break these chains
but i'll keep swinging

all my life i've been waiting for something, that never came
it never came. but i'm still saying
all my life i've been searching for something
to break these chains
to break these chains
but i'll keep swinging

i can't stop screaming these words over again
until breath escapes and my chest caves in
it doesn't matter where i've been
can't give in, and shut down
just breathe in and breathe out and begin
i shook the hand of doubt so i could sever the lines that he spits from his mouth
and now, it's time to pull through
something i must do with or without you!

i've been here one time, two times, now three times before
long enough not to wait around for that knock upon my door
i'm staring at the face of doubt so i can't forget who i'm cutting out
why put in my all just to watch my buildings fall?

hey, hey, i'm living for today
forgetting things i can't change unwinds me
hey, hey, nothing stands in my way
time stopped when i broke the chains that bound me

it all comes down to this
both truth and consequence
i need, something more than an empty promise an empty promise!
to believe in something, just one thing, that will never go wrong, not today!
letdown after letdown, i'm done

hey, hey, i'm living for today
forgetting things i can't change unwinds me
hey, hey, nothing stands in my way
time stopped when i broke the chains that bound me

count the clock till the overhaul
you built a bomb inside my walls
count the clock till we're out of hand
you build, build now we're caught in the avalanche

reset, rebuild!
you wrecked this city but not my will!
i said! reset, rebuild!
you wrecked this city but not my will!

the second-hand looks like a knife
as it's counting down the rest of our lives
so hard to swallow
no steps to follow
it became so hard to survive

dear youth
what was your one big plan?
you made us believe we had the world in our hands
we left home with nowhere to go
facing our fears as we brave the unknown

all i have to keep are these jaded old memories
from screams of how it used to be
i once was blind
but now i can see
that words of rationality
were wasted on me

so i said goodbye
it's just a memory that hasn't come to be
but i recognize
that if you're on the right track
but catch the wrong train
nothing ends the same

dear youth
what was your one big plan?
you made us believe we had the world in our hands
we left home with nowhere to go
facing our fears as we brave the unknown
dear youth
put back those thoughts in my head
the ones where i believe that i am boundless again
i know we're at the end of the road
this is our story
this was our home

we were unbreakable

alive and well
the days are shrinking
alive and well
each moment more fleeting
alive and well
we gave our best
alive and well
you know the rest

you left some hope instilled in me
that i never should give up on anything
i know this made you proud of me
so this song remains for those who hurt like me

the man in black
he rides alone to a final destination unknown
the man in black
he rides alone; he's moving on
not coming home

i used to be the fearless one
living each day like death would never come
now i feel his cold breath on my neck
he's watching my steps and telling me that i could be next

before i used to take these wings and i'd fly so high
i'd fly so high. i tried.
now i live in regret never coming down to say goodbye
oh why can't i?

the man in black
he rides alone to a final destination unknown
the man in black
he rides alone; he's moving on
i can't follow

i used to be the fearless one
living each day like death would never come
now i feel his cold breath on my neck
he's watching my steps and telling me that i could be next

so make way for the man in black
make way. he's never coming back

i am so lost at sea
ryan, shine the light for me
i'm sinking, i can't swim
i need you here to pull me in
i am so lost at sea
ryan, shine your light for me
i'm sinking, i can't swim
i miss you brother
you will never dim

for whom the bell tolls

there's a hurricane raging inside me
the second wave is right there behind me
don't leave me alone, as this fire burns whole
before there's nothing left to atone
breathe new life into me
send waves to crash right through me
i wear the perfect disguise, right behind my eyes
it's got me coming undone

my facade, my facade, made of stone
i'm deep beneath, now i need to let go let go!
this life has taken its toll
i can't be myself pleasing everyone else
no!

first one up in line when there is hell to pay
filthy hands that never wash away
this is one time i won't be subjective
i need to see things from a brand new perspective
because i'm coming undone

my facade, my facade, made of stone
i'm deep beneath, now i need to let go let go!
this life has taken its toll
i can't be myself pleasing everyone else
no!

i'd like to think i'd never cave in
a vicious battle i may never win
and i'd like to think i'll come out stronger
life's swinging hard but i'm swinging harder

for whom the bell tolls
"i have an inheritance from my father, it's the moon and the sun
and although that i roam all over the world, the spending's never done."

my facade, my facade, made of stone
i'm deep beneath, now i need to let go
this life has taken it's toll
i can't be myself pleasing everyone else
no!

don't pretend that we're in this together
there's answers to these questions that you don't wanna know
the truth, the truth doesn't make it better
some things are better left alone
misery doesn't love company
and i refuse to be defined by suffering
talking tragedy like a broken record
how many times must i relive this hell?
are you really by my side or do you just want another story to tell?

fuck this fake sympathy
you're just a snake in disguise
fuck this fake sympathy
you're everything i despise

disappear
i don't know what comes next, but i know what's best for me without you here
disappear
deeply marked by life, but these scars will finally heal when you
disappear
no future in the past, and i can't move forward if you're pulling me back
face to face with my fears
they all will disappear

disappear

the reality is you only get what you give
but you won't listen to a word i say
make no mistake, you could never relate
you weren't there that day
i can't keep it together
i'm about to break

fuck this fake sympathy
you're just a snake in disguise
fuck this fake sympathy
you're everything i despise

disappear
i don't know what comes next, but i know what's best for me without you here
disappear
deeply marked by life, but these scars will finally heal when you
disappear
no future in the past, and i can't move forward if you're pulling me back
face to face with my fears
they all will disappear
all will disappear

disappear
how can i move forward if you're pulling me back?
how can i move forward if you're pulling me back?

i've looked death in the eyes
i've come too far
so now i have to cut you out
cut you out like the leech that you are

cut
i've looked death in the eyes
i've come too far
so now i have to cut you out
like the leech that you are

true dedication most just do not possess
when push becomes shove, can you rise above the rest?
waves of words, they fall short and crash at my feet
such are the ways of the weak

i'm not scared! it's all that i know
done nothing but travel without knowing where to go
i've been digging up bones
remnants of what made up me i've never shown

this is my time to rise
dark horse. i'll fight my way to the top
you will never be the thorn in my side
dark horse. dreams are my driving force
open your eyes. go live your own life

i'm not scared! it's all that i know
done nothing but travel without knowing where to go
i've been digging up bones
remnants of what made up me i've never shown

when the smoke clears, and the damage is done
i'll be the only one left standing
i see someone without a shred of hope
at their breaking point. at the end of the rope

i'm not scared! it's all that i know
done nothing but travel without knowing where to go
i've been digging up bones
remnants of what made up me i'll never show

i'm not scared! it's all that i know
done nothing but travel without knowing where to go
i've been digging up bones
remnants of what made up me i'll never show

we believe in a system that has long been broken
we turn the other cheek without a glimpse of emotion
always looking out for number one
why do you need more while others have none?
measure my worth by what i've done, not what i've become!

i spanned the oceans, i've seen the skies
that's all i'm ever gonna need to get by
my favorite things in life, aren't even things at all
nothing that drives my soul is even tangible
just because you want, doesn't mean that you need

we've come so far from the lives that we're meant to live
but there's so much more that i have left to give
we always borrow time that can't be given back can't be given back
we let it slip away and never pick up the slack

i spanned the oceans, i've seen the skies
that's all i'm ever gonna need to get by
my favorite things in life, aren't even things at all
nothing that drives my soul is even tangible
just because you want, doesn't mean that you need

force fed and misled, now we hang by a thread!
force fed and misled, now we hang by a thread!
force fed and misled
but not me, i see red!

you need to hear this!
measure my worth by what i've done, not what i've become
are you listening?
measure my worth by what i've done, not what i've become

i spanned the oceans, i've seen the skies
that's all i'm ever gonna need to get by
my favorite things in life, aren't even things at all
but they're the things that keep my heart full
they keep my heart full!
i spanned the oceans, i've seen the skies
that's all i'm ever gonna need to get by
my favorite things in life, aren't even things at all
but they're the things that keep my heart full!

breathe in, breathe out. breathe
i'll never be what you think i should be. no, not today
i'll never say all the things i should say. i'm only human
more often than not, you're gonna feel alone
it's a long fall from the top. can you stand it?
gave it all that i've got everywhere i roamed
i can't do this alone, can you help me?
this is how it ends. we fall, we mend
burn and start again. rebuild, forget
lest we forget
breathe in, breathe out

somewhere along the way we got thrown off track
though we tried so hard to keep ourselves in check
we've grown so used to this lack of sleep
exhausted from an overwhelming defeat

whoa
, i can't find my way
there's no path to guide me
the more i give in, the more it haunts me
and i've given up control
i suffer just to run with the wolves

so i sing these words to the fortunate
the ones who look alive
never living life in disconnect, through someone else's eyes

whoa
, i can't find my way
there's no path to guide me
the more i give in, the more it haunts me
and i like a fool, am burned
again and again with no return
whoa
, there's no path to guide me
the more i give in, the more it haunts me
and i've given up control
i suffer just to run with the wolves

nothing will be earned by skipping stones
lessons won't be learned through broken bones
one by one, we're losing ourselves
like a flame burning out, but i have a light
when you're in the dark and out of doubt, find me!

god, what have i done?
i've lost myself for no one
god, what have i done?
i've lost myself for no one

whoa
, i can't find my way
there's no path to guide me
the more i give in, the more it haunts me
and i like a fool, am burned
again and again with no return
whoa
, there's no path to guide me
the more i give in, the more it haunts me
and i've given up control
i suffer just to run with the wolves

this is not a dream, cause i am not asleep
i'll need more than a metaphor if i want to earn my keep
my head is in clouds, my feet are on the ground
even if i fall i'll always stand proud

i'll carry my weight where brave dare go
through sleet, through rain, i'll trail courses unknown
i'll carry my weight making sand out of stone
i'll blaze this trail alone and take the long road

day in, day out, your heart's growing colder
your prying hands can't lift that chip off your shoulder
fade in, fade out, you fight with apathy
don't cloud my vision when you're the one who can't see

i'll carry my weight where brave dare go
through sleet, through rain, i'll trail courses unknown
i'll carry my weight making sand out of stone
i'll blaze this trail alone and take the long way home

"hey, vigil, you remember when ain't nobody want to fuck with letlive.? you remember a dying dream? shit. remember when they told us that we'd never make anything that meant anything? now we on each other's tracks, saying everything."

i was always talking to myself because nobody would stick around
developed my own language and now i'm the loudest in the crowd
now i have to ask myself why they wanna stick around?
it's funny how they lift you up before they put you in the ground
remember those things we were all meant to fear
and laugh as we realize they all got us here
i am the one. unfortunate sun
my death made a mark while your lives faded away

i'll carry my weight where brave dare go
through sleet, through rain, i'll trail courses unknown
i'll carry my weight making sand out of stone
i'll blaze this trail alone and take the long way home

i find strength where others find defeat. my eyes are open as i push on
i used to always feel alone, but now i know i'm not the only one

i leave behind this sentiment to the man that i'll become
telling him not to be burdened by the things that i have done
the longest days and endless nights have become the routine
far beyond frustration. it's the end to all my means

constantly incomplete

with my back against the wall, i stack brick by brick by brick by brick
i will rise above them all like this like this like this like this
with my back against the wall, i stack brick by brick by brick by brick
i will rise above them all like this like this

i may not be forgiven, but i forgave and i'll forget
going through the motions is no way to exist
so if there's anybody out there that's so sick of feeling alone
has the damage already been done? you gotta get from underneath that gun

we walk before we run

with my back against the wall, i stack brick by brick by brick by brick
i will rise above them all like this like this like this like this
with my back against the wall, i stack brick by brick by brick by brick
i will rise above them all like this like this

move me, choose me
please before you lose me!
find me, drive me
end the things that pride me!
move me, improve me
ignite the flame that ruled me!
guide me, collide me
i need something to survive me!

with my back against the wall. i will rise above them all like this
coming back against all odds, i stack brick by brick by brick by brick
i will rise above them all like this like this like this like this
with my back against the wall, i stack brick by brick by brick by brick
i will rise above them all like this like this!

today i woke up to a brand new me
free from the times of tragedy
four years to find clarity
and now i'm right where i need to be

against all odds
i won't be silent any longer
against all odds
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger

still alive, still alive
put to the test, demonstrate my drive
still alive, still alive
i said it before, "only the strong survive"
you fall, you get up, you never let up
i found my way through the darkest night
i couldn't give up, it's time to live up
to everything i said i stand behind, still alive

my hands were at my side and despite what you think
not giving up the fight, a second chance at life
look in my eyes and you will find
i'm twice the man i've left behind
i spoke to death and said we'd meet again
it's not my time, it's not the end
all the doubts just in my head
so let's go, full speed ahead

against all odds
i won't be silent any longer
against all odds
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger

still alive, still alive
put to the test, demonstrate my drive
still alive, still alive
i said it before, "only the strong survive"
you fall, you get up, you never let up
i found my way through the darkest night
i couldn't give up, it's time to live up
to everything i said i stand behind

from the ashes, brought back to life
this is the new sound of sacrifice
this is the new sound of sacrifice

today i woke up to a brand new me
free from the times of tragedy
four years to find clarity
and now i'm right where i'm meant to be

the future in front of me isn't paved with gold
in search of stability, down an unknown road
they say you're going nowhere if you're not ready to go
there's nothing left for me here so now i go it alone

it's all in my head singing over and over
right or wrong, i know i just need closure

i won't bend, i won't break
through the darkest of days, i remember
i survive, i don't surrender
i won't bend, i won't break
through the darkest of days, i remember
i survive, i don't surrender

i survive, i don't surrender

there's a rose in the soil where the weeds just grow
there's a light in the darkness when the sun won't show

it's all in my head singing over and over
right or wrong, i know i just need closure

i won't bend, i won't break
through the darkest of days, i remember
i survive, i don't surrender
i won't bend, i won't break
through the darkest of days, i remember
i survive, i don't surrender

i survive, i don't surrender

scream at the sky, "won't you set me free?"
spit in the face of my destiny
you're not alive if you don't break free
one chance, one choice, it starts with me
scream at the sky, "won't you set me free?"
spit in the face of my destiny
you're not alive if you don't break free
one chance, one choice, it starts with me

i won't bend, i won't break
through the darkest of days, i remember
i survive, i don't surrender
i won't bend, i won't break
through the darkest of days, i remember
i survive, i don't surrender

i survive, i don't surrender
i survive, i don't surrender

go

the air of judgment so thick, i can barely breathe
i try and drift away, its presence never leaves
run to the corners of the world, regret is in my past
if there's safety in the same, i remain the outcast
if there's safety in the same, then i remain the outcast

allow me to apologize
because i can't see the world through someone else's eyes
these trying times don't last forever
so i'm all in now because it's now or never
i'm all in now because it's now or never

i've grown so sick with the dreamer's disease
fighting for all the nights i've spent losing sleep
blurred lines, nowhere to walk
bite my tongue when i try to talk
the path of least resistance was never paved for me

when there's no torch to bear and no footsteps to follow
anything is possible
i am unstoppable

run to the corners of the world, regret is in my past
if there's safety in the same, then i remain the outcast

allow me to apologize
because i can't see the world through someone else's eyes
these trying times don't last forever
so i'm all in now because it's now or never
i'm all in now because it's now or never
so i'm all in now because it's now or never

i am unstoppable

rushing in and out, and in and out of my mind i'm out of my mind
we live and obey with some kind of hate
dreading the time to come when we've got no time at all
i want to take the time to stop and think
about doing this, and what it might mean to be
when i close my eyes, there's nothing but darkness revealed
it's right there in front of me
looking forward for a taste of things to come
i can't see familiar faces on anyone
life is trying to pass me by
but not this time. i am not afraid
you're not getting older; you're just getting old
and your finish wears thin as your stories get told
yet you've somehow impressed her; she's already sold
the one page in your book that's still shining in gold says
"wishing for the years to flash by
has left me blind
i'm waiting for the few fleeting moments
where the world makes sense to me."
i want to take the time to stop and think
about doing this, and what it might mean to be
when i close my eyes, there's nothing but darkness revealed
it's right there in front of me
looking forward for a taste of things to come
i can't see familiar faces on anyone
life is trying to pass me by
but not this time. i am not afraid
i am not afraid
my search continues for a taste of things to come
i can't see familiar faces on anyone
life is trying its best to pass by
but not this time. i am not afraid
i am not afraid.

three years, and counting, a long time for any endeavors
just get us away from here

i have something you should know, that this will never end
and our legs will forever hold these scars
there's something you should know, there's more to this story
we'll never fade, and our arms will forever have these scars

set a course, through sand and storm
never fearful, and always hopeful, let's go!

i have something you should know, that this will never end
and our legs will forever hold these scars
there's something you should know, there's more to this story
we'll never fade, and our arms will forever have these scars

we'd pray to find our place, take flight to eastern skies
and when the winds change, we'll be blown back to here
bitter and betrayed, broken, but never disbanded, we gave it our
all, i was jaded then, and maybe i still am, but will push on

missing but mended, some hearts never break
the things inside us all, found only to be stronger than before

well, i'll see you when the sun sets!
well, i'll see you when the sun sets!
well, i'll see you when the sun sets!
well, i'll see you when the sun sets!

i'm gonna reclaim all of this
take it back with both my fists
too many years passed by while i was stuck in limbo
it felt so stagnant living life in the past tense
it's time to get back up and tear down everything stopping me now

i'm more than my mistakes
what more can one man take and still survive?
face forward into the night
i'm more than my mistakes
what more can one man take? but i'll survive
face forward into the night

thrown into the fire
like the phoenix reborn, i rise
the new dawn burns brighter
so face forward into the night

i've put up all these walls, no further i could fall
can i destroy the doubt and still come out on top of it all?
no more "what could have been"
win the war within

overcome the setback and leave this hollow shell in the past
it's not much, but it's enough
it's a spark, it's a start once again
it's not much, but it's enough
to win the war within

i have to let this go, i have to let this end
i need to shed my skin, shed my skin and begin again
i'm more than my mistakes
what more can one man take and still survive?
face forward into the night
i have to let this go, i have to let this end
i'm more than my mistakes
what more can one man take? but i'll survive
face forward into the night
i need to shed my skin, shed my skin and begin again
i'm more than my mistakes
what more can one man take and still survive?
face forward into the night
i'm more than my mistakes
what more can one man take? but i'll survive
face forward into the night

thrown into the fire
like the phoenix reborn, i rise
the new dawn burns brighter
so face forward into the night
thrown into the fire
like the phoenix reborn, i rise
the new dawn burns brighter
so face forward into the night
thrown into the fire
like the phoenix reborn, i rise
the new dawn burns brighter
so face forward into the night
thrown into the fire
like the phoenix reborn, i rise
the new dawn burns brighter
so face forward into the night

it appears that we can't rely on common sense
let's act our age and turn the page on this intolerance
because we're not meant to live like this
by products of ignorance

this is out of control, it's out of control, it's gotta go
you're scared of what you don't know
i'll say this over again, and over again, until it ends
a house divided will never stand

always failing to be accepting
cause hatred stems from uncertainty
speaking down from above casts a shadow
on the ones in search of the sun
you think you're better than me?
your words of "wisdom" are spreading disease
but you won't get the better of me
walk in these shoes before you trample my feet

this is out of control, it's out of control, it's gotta go
you're scared of what you don't know
i'll say this over again, and over again, until it ends
a house divided will never stand

we tear each other down to build ourselves up
a system failure, enough is enough
"cause in a world this shaky and unstable, we've got to be less fucking hateful."
knuckles white
this is beyond aggression
knuckles white
because we need new direction

this is out of control, it's out of control, it's gotta go
you're scared of what you don't know
i'll say this over again, and over again, until it ends
a house divided will never stand
this is out of control, it's out of control, it's gotta go
you're scared of what you don't know
i'll say this over again, and over again, until it ends
a house divided will never stand

this is out of control
out of control, out of control
i'll say this over again
a house divided will never stand

tonight were gonna party like there's no tomorrow
forget about our woes and drown our sorrows
don't forget about your boys when your tippin' that bottle
drunk till fuckin' death, yeah that's our motto

this shit is more then it seems
this shit is more then gettin' drunk in a club
this time i spend, with all of my friends
this is the thing that i love
the most, a toast to every friend i've ever had
i love you all, and i hope you'll all be with me till the bitter fuckin' end

i love my dtd brothers and all my edge motherfuckers
and if you got beef then bring the ruckus
but tonight forget that shit, yeah forget everything
skull whatever you drink and let me here you motherfuckers sing

tonight were gonna party like there's no tomorrow
forget about our woes and drown our sorrows
don't forget about your boys when your tippin' that bottle
drunk till fuckin' death, yeah that's our motto

tonight were gonna party like there's no tomorrow
forget about our woes and drown our sorrows
don't forget about your boys when your tippin' that bottle
drunk till fuckin' death, yeah that's our motto

tonight there's no regrets about what we felt yesterday
and tonight tomorrow seems like a lifetime away
we only care about now
living in the moment, lovin' every hour
i wish this shit would never end
what could be better then good times and good friends

i love my dtd brothers and all my edge motherfuckers
and if you got beef then bring the ruckus
but tonight forget that shit, yeah forget everything
skull whatever you drink and let me here you motherfuckers sing

tonight we're gonna party like there's no tomorrow!
forget about our woes and drown our sorrows
don't forget about your boys when your tippin' that bottle
drunk till fuckin' death, yeah that's our motto

tonight we're gonna party like there's no tomorrow!
forget about our woes and drown our sorrows
don't forget about your boys when your tippin' that bottle
drunk till fuckin' death, yeah that's our motto

ever listen to the words that you speak?
you know i do
and god damn it that shit funny to me
you try so hard to sell your story
know your prologue is weak
you know i do

up in my vision for the most high
tooth for a tooth and an eye for a fucking eye
i dont need more ... to be twice shy

up in my vision for the most high
tooth for a tooth and an eye for a fucking eye
trust my life i'm forever fucked with a crooked smile
crooked smile

you pay attention to the steps when they creak
you know i fuck'n do

up in my vision for the most high
tooth for a tooth and an eye for a fucking eye
i dont need more ... to be twice shy

up in my vision for the most high
tooth for a tooth and an eye for a fucking eye
trust my life forever fucked with a crooked smile
crooked smile

miss me with that
i could put you on the front lines
just bring it back
bring it back
bring it back
just bring it back
bring it back
bring it back
just bring it back

miss me with that
i could put you on the front lines
just bring it back
bring it back
bring it back
just bring it back
bring it back
bring it back
just bring it back

bring it back
bring it back
bring it back
bring it back

up in my vision for the most high
tooth for a tooth and an eye for a fucking eye
i dont need more ... to be twice shy

up in my vision for the most high
tooth for a tooth and an eye for a fucking eye
trust my life forever fucked with a crooked smile
crooked smile

there ain't nothing quite like this life we live
shout out my brothers, ya'll know what it is we've
all walked the line we've all paid our dues
but, at the end of the day, this is the life we choose
we've all walked the line, we've all paid our dues
proud of each and every one one of us, carved out our own niche never leaned on a crutch. sometimes we take a fall ain't easy street
you got our back if we trippin' help us back on our feet. and you know we'd catch you if you fall

don't have to face this on my own, i got my squad with me everywhere i go. your never ever on your own, no matter where you're at you got fam, never alone

differences are few similarities many if you 4204, 24 or 420
through adversity we made it face problems head on
all for one, one for all kid
through adversity, yeah we made it
through this shit ain't for the faint hatred
and we all knew that way back when it stared
different patterns cut from the same cloth
got the game stitched up can't tear us apart

don't have to face this on my own, i got my squad with me everywhere i go
you're never ever on your own, no matter where you're at
you got fam, never alone

been round the world and back so many times
i know i never would have made it without you by my side
and all i need to know is i'm never alone
and i don't need to face this on my own
don't have to face this on my own
i don't have to face this on my own

i made my bed, i'm forced to fuckin' lie here
heart broken, cold sweatin' through this nightmare
see the end of the tunnel, there ain't no light there
tasted the kiss of death, every day i savor it
every day, a hopeless plight
vicious circle, one constant in my life
juxtaposed, only lifestyle i know
i want to end it on a high note

but there's no death or glory for me
binge and purgatory
see the end of the tunnel, there ain't no light there
but there's no death or glory for me
binge and purgatory
tasted the kiss of death, every day i savor it
but there's no death or glory
binge and purgatory

god blessed the child, 'cause i got my own
but i still danced with the devil
so my debts forever set in stone
i morn for my youth, i pray for the end
but i live on for my seed
and face the flames to forge a better man
i morn for my youth, i pray for the end
but i live on for my seed
and face the flames to forge a better man
i morn for my youth, i pray for the end
but i live on for my seed
and face the flames to forge a better man

but there's no death or glory for me
binge and purgatory
see the end of the tunnel, there ain't no light there
but there's no death or glory for me
binge and purgatory
tasted the kiss of death, every day i savor it
but there's no death or glory
binge and fuckin' purgatory

i've got my band of brothers
and we're taking it to the streets
if we don't wake up tomorrow
it's cause we drink til dawn, we ain't trying to sleep
you'll never take this away from us
cause we don't give a fuck
throw caution to the wind
we all know the best part of it
tomorrow night we'll do it again

i've got my band of brothers
and we're taking it to the streets
if we don't wake up tomorrow
it's cause we drink til dawn, we ain't trying to sleep
you'll never take this away from us
cause we don't give a fuck
throw caution to the wind
we all know the best part of it
tomorrow night we'll do it again

there's a time where we're looking for the time of your life
we are feeling it so i guess that tonight is the night
at it again with your boys who came in game
no fucking around, we gotta do this right. alright?
grab your weed, smoke til your eyes bleed
pop anything you got, drink everything in sight
grab a pack, smoke til your lungs black
sum it up with no one spewing up until the daylight

i've got my band of brothers
and we're taking it to the streets
if we don't wake up tomorrow
it's cause we drink til dawn, we ain't trying to sleep
you'll never take this away from us
cause we don't give a fuck
throw caution to the wind
we know the best part of it
tomorrow night, shit, we do it again

yeah we all want
taking this city by storm
yeah, we'll drink your bar dry
and then move on to the next one
if we wake up with memories we can't render
then we'll know for sure we had a night to remember
so grab your weed, smoke til your eyes bleed
pop anything you got, drink everything in sight
grab a pack, smoke til your lungs black
sum it up with everyone in love til it's daylight. alright?

this is the time of our life and we'll live it up
this is the time of our life and we'll live it up
this is the time of our life and we don't give a fuck

i've got my band of brothers
and we're taking it to the streets
if we don't wake up tomorrow
it's cause we drink til dawn, we ain't trying to sleep
you'll never take this away from us
cause we don't give a fuck
throw caution to the wind
we know the best part of it
tomorrow night, shit, we do it again

cash rules everything around me, cream get the money
that's why you gotta get yours dummy
, this shit ain't funny
money is a must, love is cool
but don't be fooled, alone, it ain't enough
yeah i know it's shitty, yeah, i know it's rough
but find out when you're broke, love won't get you on the bus
i'll be the first to say this shit's fucked up
but when you get a bitch knocked up
who's gonna cough up for hospital bills and every other fucking thing?
before you know it, he'll be aiming for that diamond ring
be my guest put your head in the sand
but if i was you man, i'd formulate a plan
'cause i'll tell you right now
if it ain't in your pocket, some way some how
it's lining some other motherfuckers
suckers

i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
money cannot buy happiness, it's true what they say
but a motherfucker's still got bills to pay so i hustle every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
money cannot buy happiness, it's true what they say
but a motherfucker's still got bills to pay so i hustle every day

i don't give a fuck who it is
these days everybody gotta stack their chips
and you know this i'm not saying that money means everything
but you need a little bit for just about everything
it can't buy love, but it can buy food
and some other shit you might need from time to time too
fuck materialistic, i'm realistic
you can't pay for dinner with napkins, you get it?
'cause i'll tell you right now;
if it ain't in your pockets, some way, some how
it's lining some other motherfuckers
suckers

i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
money cannot buy happiness, it's true what they say
but a motherfucker's still got bills to pay so i hustle every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
i hustle every day
i hustle every day, every day
money cannot buy happiness, it's true what they say
but a motherfucker's still got bills to pay so i hustle every day

money cannot buy happiness
so
make money, money, money, make money, money, money
take money, money, money, take money, money, money

everyday it's the same, with you lames it ain't your business
but you gotta have your say, won't do shit but you talk a big game
fuckin' nobody's tryna make themselves a name can't you see nobody gives a fuck?
can't you see you're shit outta luck?
so see through i can barely see you, we don't believe you
you need more people open your mouth and all you spit is bullshit
nobody hears you, nobody feels it, i know you got a lot to say
but here's a tip don't open up your lips less you're bout to suck my dick bitch
i don't give a mother fuck who you claim you're with

i don't give a mother fuck
keep talkin' that shit
i don't give a mother fuck
what you think about me and mine
i don't give a mother fuck
you're wasting your fuckin' time

sick of this shit, don't wanna hear that noise
don't give a fuck about you or your fuckin' boys
gotta be said you leave me no choice
nothin' worth sayin' i don't care wanna hear your fuckin' voice
can't you see nobody gives a fuck?
can't you see outta luck?
let me spell it out matter fact ima count
1, 2, fuck you yeah that's for running your mouth
open your mouth and all you spit is bullshit
nobody hears you
nobody feels it
i know you got a lot to say
but here's a tip don't open up your lips less you're bout to suck my dick bitch
throw your middle finger in the air and wave it like you just don't care
if you don't give a fuck like we don't give a fuck let me hear you say fuck yeah

different shit, same day
ain't nothing new
? got addicted, got me feeling' like you ????
fill scripts then we flip them
fuck around and kill a bottle or two

it's still dtdfl4eva, never switch
nothing like you narcs
we on some fly shit
still cross my t's and dot my eyelids
still got a crew ?? with me, i'm fuckin' down with ????

i don't regret all the broken steps, they paved the way
still say what i gotta say
got them feelin' some type of way
there's still beauty in the breakdown
there's still rhythm in the chaos
make no mistake
every day above ground in the underground
that's a good fuckin' day

it's still dtdfl4eva, never switch
nothing like you narcs
we on some fly shit
still dot my ts and cross my eyelids
still got a crew ?? with me, i'm fuckin' down with ????

i don't regret all the broken steps, they paved the way
still say what i gotta say
got them feelin' some type of way
there's still beauty in the breakdown
there's still rhythm in the chaos
make no mistake
every day above ground in the underground
is a good fuckin' day

it's still dtdfl4eva, never switch. x2

those broken steps, they paved the way. x2

i don't regret i don't regret

i don't regret all the broken steps, they paved the way
still say what i gotta say
got them feelin' some type of way
there's still beauty in the breakdown
there's still rhythm in the chaos
make no mistake
every day above ground in the underground
is a good fuckin' day

how many ways can you
tell the same tired story?
heard you forever and you never said somethin'
bored me to tears, but i never felt nothin'
when you put your pen to paper
if it's not a cheque are you still inspired?
it's like you've all been cheating off the same sheet
ideals laid to waste to pave the way to mediocrity

we need some inspiration
at the cost of your high rotation
we need some inspiration
not another hit on the radio station
we need some inspiration
at the cost of your high rotation
we need some inspiration
not a fuckin' hit on your bullshit station

yeah, got the same bills as the next
but refuse to dance for dollars
while management cash cheques
guess in ethics you boys were skipping classes
used to have the juice, watered down to feed the masses
it's a damn shame, ain't a damn thing funny
watch a grown man turn tricks for the money
it's a damn shame, ain't a damn thing funny
watch a grown man turn bitch for the money

how many ways can you
tell the same tired story?
heard you forever, and you never said somethin'
bored me to tears, but i never felt nothin'
when you put your pen to paper
if it's not a cheque are you still inspired?
it's like you've all been cheating off the same sheet
ideals laid to waste to pave the way to mediocrity

they think they can put a price on any man's soul
just a matter of the commas and the zeros
they think they can put a price on any man's soul
just a matter of the commas, zeros

how many ways can you
tell the same tired story?
heard you forever and you never said somethin'
bored me to tears, but i never felt nothin'
when you put your pen to paper
if it's not a cheque are you still inspired?
it's like you've all been cheating off the same sheet
ideals laid to waste to pave the way to mediocrity

we need some inspiration
at the cost of your high rotation
we need some inspiration
not another hit on the radio station
we need some inspiration
at the cost of your high rotation
we need some inspiration
not a fuckin' hit on your bullshit station

they think they can put a price on any man's soul
they think they can put a price on any man's soul

dn is back still down for whatever
still not fuckin' with fair weather fans
still bout my friends and fam
see to me that's the key to this game
show respect to everybody
and the real ones give it back the same
it's a damn shame so many fuckin' fakes
true to your face
but then they talk shit like fuckin' snakes
but it's cool i keep fuckin' with this shit
'cause it's fact no one does this shit like i'm doing it
i make music for the ones who stay true
that's what i do
stay true!
i make music for the old and the new
that's what i do
stay true!
i make music for you and your crew
that's what i do
stay true!
don't get it twisted it's still fuckin' hardcore
stage dives, high fives that's what i'm in this for
i ain't in this for money or fame
but if i stack a little change, fuck it i won't complain

back then
we always talked about how it was gonna be if we all made it to now
now and then
try and analyse how and when it all went wrong, no answers ever ease my mind
when it all went wrong, no answers ever ease my mind
how it all went wrong
we always used to see eye to eye
now i guess i'm in your blind spot from time to time
ain't no suprises there, but these people really fuck with my head
we always used to stand side by side
strength, who new numbers would divide the vibe
times change
ain't no suprises there, but the way it change my people really fuck with my head
can't look back with out snapping my neck
only option keep it pushin', focus on the task
can't look forward without stacking my chips
were the only option is to go against the house and win
don't you remember how things were when we first struck a chord?
played in our own key, now disharmony has taking it's toll on me
don't you remember how our rhythm had us stepping in tow?
march to our own beat, now we're out of time
can't look back with out snapping my neck
only option keep it pushin', focus on the task
can't look forward without stacking my chips
only option is to go against the odds and win
we always used to see eye to eye
now i guess i'm in your blind spot from time to time
times change
ain't no suprises there, but these people really fuck with my head
don't you remember how things were when we first struck a chord?
played in our own key, now disharmony has taking it's toll on me
don't you remember how our rhythm had us stepping in tow?
march to our own beat, now we're out of time with you
don't you remember how things were when we first struck a chord?
played in our own key, now disharmony has taking it's toll on me
don't you remember how our rhythm had us stepping in tow?
march to our own beat, now we're out of time with you
there's no suprises there, these people fuck with my head
there's no suprises there, everything fucks with my head

lets talk about bitches
i'm talking about 36, 24, 36 inches
now fellas dont act all pollitcally correct
please correct me if im wrong
but you do have a dick that means you like fuckin
a nice tight one to tuck in. if you're lucky bust a nut in
there ain't a damn thing wrong with that
there ain't a grown man who dont like to hit it from the back

dudes love pussy. bitches love dick
if you're fucking with them sluts
start better fuckin with them rubbers
before your ass gets sick
dudes love pussy. bitches love dick
sex sells, someones gotta pay the bills
go on, get your kicks

i must apologize to all the mothers and sisters
but its the truth, dudes like to fuck bitches

most dude like a broad with class
but they'll still fuck a slut, just to get a piece of ass
type of girls dont matter how old
skirt so fucking short, their firstborn gonna catch a cold
you think that shit will help you meet a man?
yeah, he'll fuck you and leave, and never call again
most guys arent looking arent looking for a soul mate
some girls would poke their fucken eyes out for a blind date

your young have some fun, go live your life
just remember you can't make a ho a housewife

you're young have some fun, go live your life
just remember you cant make a ho a housewife

bet

yo, what's good?
yeah, that's what's up

let's get shit straight, you can't take nothing from us
'cause we've done this shit our own way since we came out the gate
quick to jettison you freshman, surround ourselves with veterans
better men on our worst day then you could be on your best you can bet

yeah, that's what's up

oh ye of little faith, i pray for your demise
don't get that knot twisted 'cause i'm quick to cut those fuckin' ties
and don't ever mistake kindness for weakness
we heard about that sneak diss little bitches can't keep secrets, for real

yo, what's good?
yeah, that's what's up

this a no flex zone, little homie, blow me
pause, and if you could do it any better you'd show
'cause you fake, what you make, what i state is just fact
heavy lies the crown, that's why i got a strong back

what's good?
yeah, that's what's up

oh ye of little faith, we pray for your demise
don't get your knot twisted 'cause we're quick to cut those fuckin' ties

what's good?

speak your mind but...

motherfucker stop lying
yeah right, uh-huh

yo, what's good?
yeah, that's what's up

why you try so hard to break
a leg with every fuckin' step you take
i've got the remedy
all i've gotta do is jog your fuckin' memory
why you try so hard to prove
yourself i know what we've been through
i've got the remedy
remember that i'm not the enemy
try so hard to tempt fate
with every single move you make
i've got the remedy
all i've gotta do is jog your fuckin' memory
why you try so hard to prove
yourself i know what we've been through
i've got the remedy, remember
go dig that ditch
but know your limits i won't bury this
chose battles
wisely, this war is something i'm feeling to win
do what you wish
and count how many fucks i do not give
chose battles
wisely, this war is something i'm feeling to win
why you try so hard to break
a leg with every fuckin' step you take
i've got the remedy
all i've gotta do is jog your fuckin' memory
why you try so hard to prove
yourself i know what we've been through
i've got the remedy
remember, remember that i'm not the enemy
try so hard to tempt fate
with every single move you make
i've got the remedy
all i've gotta do is jog your fuckin' memory
why you try so hard to prove
yourself i know what we've been through
i've got the remedy, remember
remember
go dig that ditch
but know your limits i won't bury this
chose battles
wisely, this war is something i'm feeling to win. i'm feeling to win
do what you wish
and count how many fucks i do not give
chose battles
wisely, this war is something i'm feeling to win. i'm feeling to win

fuck everyone of you
motherfuckin' rats
you got so much hate
and i guessin' is cause of the fact
everytime were taking one step forward
you take two steps back
i do this shit for myself
this is where i wanna be
this is home
cause i know everyone here treats friends like family
go fuck yourself you ain't no one to us
go fuck yourself you ain't one we can trust
and when you got no one we'll give a fuck
ashes to ashes dust to dust
fuck everyone of you
motherfuckin' snakes
you got so much hate
to face no good fakes
it ain't on us that your life sucks
and your a fuckin disgrace
i do this shit for myself
this is where i wanna be
this is home
cause i know everyone here treats friends like family
go fuck yourself you ain't no one to us
go fuck yourself you ain't one we can trust
and when you got no one we'll give a fuck
ashes to ashes dust to dust
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh
your nobody
we dont need you
you were never shit

you know we had to do it to them, this shit gettin borin'
opps got that shit for when you lost, we wanna see you scoring
words from pinocchio hoes, that ain't no skin off my nose
no judas fucks, deez disciples do this shit for you
one time for the front line, fly the flag despite the name
when i hit them with a punchline, know they get it 'cause we one and the same
words from pinocchio hoes, that ain't no skin off my nose
no judas fucks, deez disciples do this shit for you
you want a singalong, so fuckin' singalong
ain't in the business of bull shitin' give you what you want
just when they thought it was over, we give it to them like...
and when it all goes wrong, this still the shit you on
ain't in the business of bull shitin' give you what you want
just when they thought it was over you give it to them like...
you know we had to do it to them, they ain't with us screw them
got flys on walls in rooms and halls, we know who is genuine
words from pinocchio hoes, that ain't no skin off my nose
no judas fucks, deez disciples do this shit for you
you want a singalong, so fuckin' singalong
ain't in the business of bull shitin' give you what you want
just when they thought it was over, we give it to them like...
and when it all goes wrong, this still the shit you on
ain't in the business of bull shitin' give you what you want
just when they thought it was over you give it to them like...
this one's for you, we bout it bout it we stayin' true
word is bond, that purgatory shit we made it through
no need to flex we go the best of them when we got you
no need to stress, when times they test you know you got us too
this one's for you, we bout it bout it we stayin' true
word is bond, that purgatory shit we made it through
no need to flex we go the best of them when we got you
no need to stress, when times they test you know you got us too

don't call it a comeback
we've been here for years
travelled the world and now we back with this
made a few enemies but more friends than we can count
got fucked up in towns that i can't even pronounce
and we've got nothing to prove got nothing to lose
do what the fuck we want this is the life we chose
and you can catch dn at a show near you
know how we do stay true
because you haven't seen the last of us yet
we're still here no you haven't seen the last of us
fuckin' haters no you'll never get the best of us
we do it for the ones who
you know who i'm talkin' bout if you ain't with us
take our fuckin' names out your mouth

this song goes out to all my real brothers in dtd. you know the band, you know who i'm fucking talking about

drunk till death yeah the name rings bells when you hear it
all your favourite bands in it
we been round for a minute
brotherhood, crew, whatever you wanna call it
just a bunch of drunk fucks but we be about our bidnit
4204 on my face, i do that for my brothers
drinkin' gin in the gutter scheming how to make some butter
then we bring home the bread, got them bitches givin' head
drunk till death in this bitch shit we run this motherfucker

if you got love for us let me hear it
dtd!
if you hold it down for us let me see it
dtd!

if you catch us at the bar
line them fuckin' shots up
then we to the next spot
dtd step in the club they like
oh oh
drunk till death love us or hate us we don't give a fuck
you can hate all you want but the party won't stop till we fuckin' say so
yo we hear to get fucked
run a muck, chat some bitches up drop a couple bucks
dtd on my hand, i do that for my fam
cause i'm proud of every single mother fucker in my clan
one for all, all for one
yeah you know we all in way past last call
till the bitter fuckin' end

back once again sipping hen mixed with juice and gin
motherfucker we about it, if you doubt it think again
we ain't tryina have a little sniff just a sip
want cocaine pouring out my pores liquor out my dick
yeah we talk the talk cause we walk the walk
till we all slurring our words or 'til we stumble and fall
but you won't catch us slipping often
shit we do this every day, no play, real talking

kid you wanna know about the life we live?
well listen up close cause it goes like this

we live a life of excess, shit that's all that we know
so don't take us to the bar if you ain't got the dough
don't bring your girl around me if that bitch is a hoe
don't bring your weed around them if you ain't gonna smoke

cause we drink
shot after shot after shot after shot
and we smoke
blunt after blunt after blunt after blunt
cause we drink
shot after shot after shot after shot
and we smoke
blunt after blunt after blunt after blunt

yeah we talk the talk cause we walk the walk
till we all slurring our words or 'til we stumble and fall
but you won't catch us slipping often
shit we do this every day, no play, real talking

kid you wanna know about the life we live?
well listen up close cause it goes like this

we live a life of excess, shit that's all that we know
so don't take us to the bar if you ain't got the dough
don't bring your girl around me if that bitch is a hoe
don't bring your weed around them if you ain't gonna smoke

drunk 'til death, you can't do it like us

what you drinking, what you smoking
give me everything you're holding
what you drinking, what you smoking
give us everything

cause we drink
shot after shot after shot after shot
and we smoke
blunt after blunt after blunt after blunt
cause we drink
shot after shot after shot after shot
and we smoke
blunt after blunt after blunt after blunt

drunk 'til death, you can't do it like us

hard truck
in the truck of my
i feel extraordinaire

perforded
in the back of my own
i feel what's at stack

even if i could remove this gag
what the fuck would i say?
what the fuck would i say?
what the fuck would i say?

justice session
i'm a crime to jude

the day breaks me
but not chase me
it might kill me
is what makes me
they say that only god can judge me
even if ...

the day breaks me
but not chase me
it might kill me
is what makes me
they say that only god can judge me
even if ...

the lies, the weight
deceit, decay
the lies, the weight
it's clear i lost my way
deceit, decay
decomposing

i thought i was an architect, but i was just moving dirt
stacking mud over malice covered-up forming nothing but a pile of hurt
i hadn't been building
the time was spent digging
boring the barriers that kept others away
the deeper the walls, the less anyone could hear, hear me fall

so now i know there is no one else to blame

buried alive inside of my own grave
and there's no one else to blame
buried alive inside of my own grave
inside of my own grave

beneath my lies
delusional enough to think i'd designed something great
like a giant headstone inscribed to describe my shameful fate
i hadn't been building
the time was spent digging
an ugly truth from which there was no way to escape
nowhere left to hide and then finally forced to face what i'd become

buried alive inside of my own grave
and there's no one else to blame
buried alive inside of my own grave
what i'd become
buried alive inside of my own grave

beneath my pride crushing me
beneath my lies collapsing
but we are still alive
we are still alive

buried alive inside of my own grave
and there's no one else to blame
buried alive inside of my own grave
my own grave

buried alive inside of my own grave
and there's no one else to blame
the lies and the weight, i know i lost my way
what i'd become
buried alive inside of my own grave
and there's no one else to blame
buried alive, buried alive

finally forced to face what i'd become
what i'd become in my own grave
buried in my own grave alive

i refuse to let go of the memories
'cause they've changed everything inside of me

if i could go back now to save myself the loss
substanceless character brought back would be the cost
agony today is tomorrow's strength
so don't run away 'cause misery is
evolving into something that we can't see
evolving and becoming, transforming
so don't run away

the pain can never be erased
remain and turn it into strength, turn it into strength

what do we value in the midst of complacency?
but in despair, we beg for something, anything
even our mistakes can have the power
to light the way like a glaring tower

the pain can never be erased
remain and turn it into strength
from our failures, we are refined
replacing frailty, allowing us to be redefined

healed scars can be stronger than skin
the wounds we have can be rewritten
redefined, redefined, redefined
agony today is tomorrow's strength, redefined
so don't run away

the pain can never be erased

the pain can never be erased
remain and turn it into strength
the pain can never be erased
remain and turn it into strength
from our failures, we are refined
replacing frailty, allowing us to be redefined
from our failures we are refined
replacing frailty, allowing us to be redefined

don't run away
misery's evolving

the wise before me chose to refine themselves
melt away their shortcomings by enduring trials
a process we will all undertake
even if we try to prevent change

face it before you are pulled in
face it while it's still within

like iron shaped by fire, we aren't born this way
shaped by fire, we are reborn through pain
we aren't born, we aren't born this way
we are reborn, we are reborn through pain

though i too have endured fire
i wasn't wise enough to ignite the flame myself
but carried enough fuel for a flicker to excel

face it before you are pulled in
face it while it's still within
face it before you are pulled in
face it while it's still within

shaped by fire, we aren't born this way
shaped by fire, we are reborn through pain
we aren't born, we aren't born this way
we are reborn through pain
shaped by fire, we aren't born this way
shaped by fire, we are reborn through pain
through pain we are reborn, we are reborn through pain

the time has come to watch the fire grow
find new things to throw in, don't let the flames get low
i've grown used to the heat that makes me reevaluate
what i carry with me and what should be thrown away

face it before you are pulled in
face it while it's still within

like iron shaped by fire, we aren't born this way
shaped by fire, we are reborn through pain
we aren't born, we aren't born this way
we are reborn through pain
shaped by fire, we aren't born this way
shaped by fire, we are reborn through pain
we are reborn, we are reborn through pain

only through struggle have i found rest
with a piece of me taken away
i begin to understand
hollow out this machine-like chest
with its gears that turn to make me feel
and assembled thoughts that fade away

only through struggle have i found rest

remove from me this deception
that i called love

i begin to understand
i begin to understand love

have you ever been blinded by the pain?
blinded, blinded by the pain

unwilling to see, senseless
so blinded by selfishness
only focusing on myself
and ignoring anyone else
becoming driven by despair
feeling trapped into a corner
losing more and more of reality
perceiving all the hurt only one-sidedly

have you ever been blinded by the pain?
losing yourself inside the heartache

losing yourself
feeling too powerless to change
stuck and unable to escape
incapable to see another way
i need someone to shake me, to wake me
i don't even need full clarity
just to start the shift from blind to blurry

have you ever been blinded by the pain?
losing yourself inside the heartache
and does that mean we cannot change?
or will we always be seen that way?

will we always be seen that way?
and does that really mean we have not changed?

or does it only mean
the truth is not in how we're seen?
but in the actions that we're now determined to take
revealing the new path we chose to mend the heartache
was it a pattern or a disastrous mistake?
is the truth in what you see or what i say?

have you ever been blinded by the pain?
losing yourself inside the heartache
and does that mean we cannot change?
or will we always be seen that way?

be seen that way?
blinded by pain? blinded by the pain

and does that really mean we have not changed?

for so, long i, have felt alone
content, to live with unrest
longing, faded, into countless, nights that buried my, weary heart
you brought an end, to this, dead hour
and meaning, to a, a calloused life
held in your arms, but too far from my heart
held in your arms, but too far from my heart

these thoughts, will carry me
through the darkest nights
while your eyes rest in
these thoughts, will carry me
through the darkest nights
while your eyes rest in mine!

i remember the way you looked, at me
and the way you drew, drew me close with one, deep sigh
scattering pieces of my, my restless mind
forgetting all, that we, have left, left, behind
we have left behind
we have, left behind
we have left behind

these thoughts, will carry me
through the darkest nights
while your eyes rest in
these thoughts, will carry me
through the darkest nights
while your eyes rest in

these thoughts, will carry me
through the darkest nights
while your eyes rest in
these thoughts, will carry me
through the darkest nights
while your eyes rest in

we are all comatose
we are overfed and under, undernourished, yearning for something more
never starving yet never quite satisfied
carnal but without useful flesh or mind

i am a walking contradiction that's found consistency
consuming everything, all without producing sustenance

in the parallels we struggle, struggle to upkeep
there is a better way for us to be set free
from all it is we crave, there must be more to life than to simply stay alive
to simply stay alive

we are not the same as i hope to show
there is a better way if we just let go
we are not, we are not the same
we are not, we are not the same
let go

in the tension between devouring want or simple need
it's clear the only lines between the ones we preserve

we are not the same as i hope to show
there is a better way if we just let go
we are not, we are not the same
we are not, we are not the same
let go
we are not the same

and in the parallels we struggle to upkeep
there's a better way for us to be, for us to be set free
and in the parallels we struggle to upkeep
there's a better way for us to be, for us to be set free

we are not the same as i hope to show
there is a better way if we just let go
we are not, we are not the same
we are not, we are not the same
let go
we are not the same

how many years have we waited for a ship that never set sail?
and how many days have we wasted chasing a love that was not our own?
i sat ashore and watched as one hopeless wave crashed upon another
while my thoughts ran to the hills, my heart never reached the sea
with only delusions of an endless journey
i am left with an ocean between you and me

is this your salvation?
is this all you can give?
i will not stand in reflection of someone else's dream

the gate to my heart has been weld shut
with the splendor of my aspirations closed in
how many years have we waited for a ship that never set sail?
and how many days have we wasted chasing a love that was not our own?

is this your salvation?
is this all you can give?
i will not stand in reflection
of someone else's dream

we have all heard what we wanted to hear
"truth" that sounds right to our ears
we have all heard what we wanted to hear
"truth" that sounds right to our ears

but what wisdom is there within us
to live based on the feeling of our hearts?
how many times has instinct let us down?
never to be thought through, never to be questioned!
say what you really mean
when your ambition calls you, calls you!
for what use is there, is there in praying
if you will only hear what you want to hear?

we have all heard what we wanted to hear
"truth" that sounds right to our ears

we speak of fighting to resist this world
but what about the battle within us?
if we have chosen to live against the grain
then why are we all facing the same way?

there is no difference between us and them
if we all blindly seek truth from sentiments

we have all heard what we wanted to hear
"truth" that sounds right to our ears
we have all heard what we wanted to hear
"truth" that sounds right to our ears
we have all heard what we wanted to hear
"truth" that sounds right to our ears

this world was never worthy
but how can i call it unfaithful
every promise was fulfilled
as decay crawled from it's throat
like the dead rising from an open grave
like the dead rising from an open grave

lips of splendor and tongue of deceit
all dying now as our fragile wrists hold only waste

like those gasping for their last breath
we cannot hide there's nothing left
like those gasping for their last breath
we cannot hide there's nothing left
nothing left
nothing left
there is nothing left
nothing left

if all my sorrow has led me here
then i would cry all of my tears
to have this chance
to have this chance again
to have this chance
to have this chance
and know there's more than this
and know there's more than you

like those gasping for their last breath
we cannot hide there's nothing left
like those gasping for their last breath
we cannot hide there's nothing left

pulled both ways, but still suspended
the worst of each, reduced and blended
still suspended, suspended

i thought i was stuck between two worlds
because i was not willing to let go
recklessly pulled both ways
but somehow still suspended
the worst of each, reduced and blended
but as life unfolded, i realized
the momentum to drift from side to side
came from within, came from inside

i feel torn between two hearts dying, but i'll trade them in for one
broken and exposed, collapsing, so why would i hold on?

one heart turned black, the other blue and bruised
arms breaking, arms breaking from the dreams
dreams shattered, the dreams that i can't reach
there has to be, there has to be a choice i have not seen

i feel torn between two hearts dying, but i'll trade them in for one
broken and exposed, collapsing, so why would i hold on?
i feel torn between two hearts dying, but i'll trade them in for one

one darkened over time burning away the shame
erasing hidden insights i did not want to be seen
the other was beaten from being exposed
so it hurt less to never hold it close

i feel torn between two hearts dying, but i'll trade them in for one
broken and exposed, collapsing, so why would i hold on?
i feel torn between two hearts dying, but i'll trade them in for one
so why would i hold on? i'll trade them in for one

neither heart had power to fill my veins
or be the source of who i want to be
pulled both ways, but still suspended

that night that i never came home
wandering souls captured my thoughts
emptiness filled my mind
urgency spoke her lies in the confines of these grey walls
i watched them move together
taking me places i cannot remember remember
we have been poured out into a loveless bride

how quickly i forget
that this is meaningless
*how quickly i forget
that this is meaningless*

in a world passing through my fingers
i still chase the wind

how quickly i forget
that this is meaningless
*how quickly i forget
that this is meaningless*

what have i learned from yesterday
what have i learned from yesterday?

reality no longer battles perception
this letter's written to no one
sincere
i sought your truth and divine purpose
through myths of revelation
guidance all wrapped up in a paper box
supported only so long
as my mind was the enemy
i could not in conscience hold on
as we face distress
we must not lose heart
stand fast and press on
triumph awaits
as we face distress
we must not lose heart
stand fast and press on
triumph awaits us
the powerful constant that i had once leaned on is no longer there
no longer
you call this shameful disbelief
a process like losing my closest friend
as we face distress
we must not lose heart
stand fast and press on
triumph awaits
as we face distress
we must not lose heart
stand fast and press on
triumph awaits us
sometimes we have to watch our whole lives fall apart
before we can rebuild them again
a greater foundation
we watch our whole lives
sometimes we have to watch our whole lives
fall apart
before we can rebuild them again, rebuild them again
a greater foundation
i wish there was another way
but no amount of devotion can fix this
triumph awaits
triumph awaits
triumph awaits
triumph awaits
triumph awaits
sometimes we have to watch our whole lives fall apart
before we can rebuild them again rebuild them again
a greater foundation
we watch our whole lives
fall apart
sometimes we have to watch our whole lives
rebuild them again
before we can rebuild them again
a greater foundation

the life that i sought was already like a jail
long before i was ever bound

wrapped up in chains
no one had built the bonds
use to hold me captive
i had locked away myself in a captain-less ship
destined to destroy ashore
destruction was my savior
crushing collapse
crashing from the impact

i can't escape the undertow that's pulling me
but i keep fighting to get away
the undertow that's pulling me, pulling me

my control disappeared
'cause it was never real

aboard a ship with nowhere to go
guided by lifelessness, a skeleton without a soul
crushing collapse, looming ahead
crashing is imminent from the impact

i can't escape the undertow that's pulling me
but i keep fighting to get away
the undertow that's pulling me, pulling me
i can't escape the undertow that's pulling me, pulling me

though i found freedom when
i stopped fighting everyone else
and loosened up the anchor
that i had tied around myself
i let go of the chains, chains
just let go of the chains
i let go of the chains used to hold me in
my addictions killing me from within

i can't escape the undertow that's pulling me
but i keep fighting to get away
the undertow that's pulling me, pulling me
i can't escape the undertow that's pulling me
but i keep fighting to get away
the undertow that's pulling me, pulling me

just let go of the chains, chains
i let go of the chains used to hold me in my addiction

the wreckage seemed too great for me
i saw my dreams collapsing, collapsing
but through debris, the tragedy
not one of us died fighting
the wreckage

we somehow found a way through storming weather
enduring skies turned grey when we all said never
the winds, the rain
downpour needed to cultivate

we don't get to choose when it rains
we can fight or just get washed away
will we be transformed or
feel like we're drowning, drowning?
the wreckage

so use the storms ahead to flood out shortcomings
and then use what is left to water what is worth planting
the winds, the rain
downpour needed to cultivate
debris, tragedy
but not one of us died, but not one of us died fighting

we don't get to choose when it rains
we can fight or just get washed away
will we be transformed or
feel like we're drowning?

will we fight or just get washed away?
and now the mountains that we face are starting to look more like hills
we rose to a higher plain so the whole horizon fell
it fell, the whole horizon fell

through the debris of tragedy
not one of us died fighting, fighting

we don't get to choose when it rains
we can fight or just get washed away
will we be transformed or
feel like we're drowning?
we don't get to choose when it rains
we can fight or just get washed away
will we be transformed or
feel like we're drowning?

the wreckage that once seemed insurmountable to me
is now becoming a part of rebuilding
we somehow found a way through storming weather
enduring skies turned grey when we all said never
so use the storms ahead to flood out shortcomings
and then use what is left to water what is worth planting

deep roots that refuse, deep roots that refuse
deep roots that refuse, that refuse to break
deep roots that refuse, refuse to break
deep roots that refuse to break

i took what you gave me, destroyed it all
i had to lose everything to know that i was wrong
and now i see what was true all along
a void in me, now that everything is gone
now that everything is gone

the emptiness can be a source of clarity
taking away a way for us to hide, always revealing
no choice but to rebuild, no voice, no peace, no love, no home
nothing left to hold, nothing left but hope

take my broken frame
what still remains free from the chains, free from the chains

nothing left to hold, nothing left but hope
like hunting for prey that we don't even need to track
so easy to follow what's next, we are left with only one path, one path
no choice but to rebuild, no voice, no peace, no love, no home
nothing left but hope

take my broken frame
what still remains free from the chains, free from the chains
take what's left in me, what's worth saving
no matter how much time it takes

from merely hope, we are brought back to life
from broken bones, we revive
take what's left and create
take what's left and then rebuild

you had every reason to give up on me
but you stood and waited when everyone ran away

i took your gifts, destroyed them all
and then lost everything to know that i was wrong
but you still carried me when you could barely walk
you reminded me i was never too far gone

take my broken frame
what still remains free from the chains, free from the chains
take what's left in me, what's worth saving
no matter how much time it takes
take my broken frame
what still remains free from the chains, free from the chains

take what's left
take what's left and rebuild

you've lost touch
you've lost touch with the outcasts

have you forgotten your own past?
have you forgotten that your house is made of glass?
so while you're pointing your fingers
you are unable to use your hands
to help with solving
solving real and present problems
'cause we're appealing
and you've become too perfect to understand

you're a gatekeeper
blocking the entrance to nowhere
you're a gatekeeper
trying to keep others in despair, yeah
trying to keep others in despair

i don't want you to get dirty reaching down to a lowly creature
i don't want you to show mercy and make me like you, self-righteous preacher
did you think you were the only one
the only one who held the keys?
did you hope that your judgement would
spread just like a disease?

you're a gatekeeper
blocking the entrance to nowhere
you're a gatekeeper
trying to keep others in despair

the self-importance of the moral elite
to think that their approval means anything, yeah

so eager to capitalize
capitalize on other people's pain
but when the healing begins
so quick to turn away
have you forgotten?
have you forgotten your own past?

you're a gatekeeper
blocking the entrance to nowhere
you're a gatekeeper
keeping others in despair

forever your eyes will hold the memory
i saw your heart as it overtook me
we tried so hard to understand and reason
but in that one moment i gave my heart away

i gave my heart away
in that moment i gave my heart away
in that moment i gave my heart away

with that perfect breath where my mind lay beside me
and all i knew is what had overtaken me
with no reason i am comforted by inability to understand

forever your eyes will hold the memory
i saw your heart as it overtook me
we tried so hard to understand and reason
but in that one moment i gave my heart away

i gave my heart away
in that moment i gave my heart away
in that moment i gave my heart away

forever your eyes will hold the memory
forever your eyes will hold the memory
forever your eyes will hold the memory

when i wake from this dream
will your smile still open my heart
and leave me transparent?
when i wake from this dream
will your smile still open my heart
and leave me transparent?

i never wanted and i never cared before

i never wanted and i never cared before
take it back, this is a new day
i never wanted and i never cared before
take it back, this is...

how i long to regress
to the days before i took upon myself
for tomorrow the obsessions of this world
may fall a day of innocence equating beauty
and today and tomorrow may fall
is already and today is already gone
tomorrow may fall
today is already gone

take it back, this is a new day
i never wanted, this is a new day
and i never cared before
i never wanted, i never wanted
and i never cared before

i've grown tired of chasing
convinced i was in need
and now the years i've spent
only a slave to this
tomorrow may fall
and today is already gone
i will no longer adore
these things that will never satisfy me

i've seen my world change
and then go back to where it came

in this vicious circle we are all brought back to life only to die
in this vicious circle we are all brought back to life only to die
to die

i have seen my in this vicious circle
my world change we are all
and then go back brought back to life
back to where it came only to die
but without these in this vicious circle
barren obsessions we are all
i am simply brought back to life
i am simply free only to die

i've seen my world change
and then go back to where it came

94 hours of regret for me to realize what i held
unfading beauty, not just a face
i held its innocence within my heart
go
no, i won't let go
i won't let go, i won't let go
no, i, i won't let go
no, i, i won't let go
the torment of your eyes has awakened my soul
the torment of your eyes has awakened my soul
the pain of a moment's time will forever beg your forgiveness
forgiveness
94 hours for me to realize:
i held unfading beauty
i held your innocence

please tell me this is a nightmare
cause these feelings cannot be real
i can't believe you've been taken from me without saying goodbye
one question taints my lips
will time heal these wounds?

i can't believe that the day has come
knowing now, i will never see your face again
if i'd known so many years ago
i would have cherished every single second
but now i have to face the facts
that you're not coming back
and no matter how much this hurts
i will keep pushing forward

please don't go
cause i can't take this journey without you
it's like i'm lost inside my own mind
now you're gone, who's left to guide me?
before the path below me subsides
these days turn to weeks in the palms of my hands
but i'll remember you the best that i can
always the one that knew me the best
i can't bring you back but i'll never forget

breathe, oh god please breathe
i won't let him take you away from me
just breathe, you won't burn away into the sulphur
nothing will ever tarnish your legacy
i will follow into your footsteps until it kills me

i haven't slept for days
i'm sick of sinking through the cracks you left when you went away
but i must carry on, be strong for those i love
i swear i'll never forget you

you will always be more than just a memory
now i take this road alone, i know you're watching over me

preacher
preacher, preacher, lend me your ear
what kind of king, leads his kingdom in fear
preacher, oh divine deceiver
yeah, what can you do to save me now?

i never thought i'd have to call you out like this
but i can't stand by anymore...
the holy sheep, still claiming you're there
you take what we love just to show us you care?
liar, you lurk there in shadows, forever praying on the weak
but i will lift the veil on the secrets you keep

as i search and search, through chapter and verse, i always fail to see the words, right in front of me...

just forget, everything you've been told
take a page outta my book let your story unfold
and find something to believe in believe in me
and i know, the damage is done
that doesn't mean you can't stand for something
i won't be silenced by fear, i'd rather fall forever

they say you sent your son to die for us?
so tell me now are you proud of us?
coz we reap what we sow, but we reap till it's gone
if we're made in your image... you fucking made us wrong

so tell me, what kind of king, leaves his kingdom to burn
while the blind lead the blind in the name of his church

this all comes down on you, you, you've fallen shy of the mark
why must the innocent pay for your mistakes

let me tell you something

and if you need, something to believe in, then just believe in me

i've dealt with nightmares, that i thought weren't even real
and had to push right through the emptiness just to allow myself to heal
this has elevated beyond everything i thought i knew
and now history repeats itself, i just don't know if i can see this through

hold fast, repair the sails, ready the mast
hold fast, this is your captain, we're going down

take a seat and watch my world come crashing down
they'll be searching for survivors, where none can be found
and i can't believe, can't believe what my eyes can see unfolding in front of me
if i can't escape from this moment, then i will live in my memories

it's becoming apparent, that i'm well out my depth
'cause with every experience we are built to grow
but now we're oceans apart and fear is all i know

how do we cross this expanse...
when we are miles from safe ground
and as the earth shakes you'll find
no salvation, pick it up

fresh wounds formed from history and the courage that i lacked
now this is dragging me under
and i've got nowhere to run
it's all catching up with me
just look at what i've become

so take a seat and watch as my whole world comes crashing down
they'll be searching for survivors, where none can be found
and i can't believe, can't believe what my eyes can see unfolding in front of me
if i can't escape from this moment, then i will live in my memories

i know i've never really tried to come to terms with loss
but to bury those feelings deep down inside will always come at a cost
my minds a battlefield that i'm destined to roam
but every time that i take a single step there's yet another fork in the road

i think i'm lost and i don't wanna be found
now my heart is in a casket, and i'm cemetery bound

so take a seat and watch my world come crashing down
they'll be searching for survivors, where none can be found
and i can't believe, can't believe what my eyes can see unfolding in front of me
if i can't escape from this moment, then i will live in my memories

i never thought i'd seize the day that i'd embrace this misery
but i will see this through until the end
in moment // in memory

coward, count your days before they fall away
cos everyone can now see right through you
somewhere along the line you lost all conviction, blurring the truth between fact and fiction
another promise you failed to deliver, your words they slip through the sinking sand
to think i once called you friend, well i won't make that mistake again
just like an hour glass, your time is running out
you self-centred misguided fuck. you thought we'd all sit so idly by, well now you know

save your breath, we've all heard it before
the lambs you lead to slaughter are now the wolves right at your door
and they're baying for your blood
wake up, wake up, it's your move now. take the keys to your kingdom, coz i'll always be the thorn in your crown
i guess it's lonely at the top, when the only way is down

let's set the record straight, another lesson learnt, you set yourself alight and watched your bridges burn
and i still can't quite believe, that guilt isn't one of your faculties
again and again you never fail to surprise me, i hoped by now you'd have realised
that if this isn't enough i guess i'll tell you straight
you can't rewrite the past now you've sealed your fate
the odds are against you, so worm your way out of this one, coz we all know

save your breath, we've all heard it before
the lambs you lead to slaughter are now the wolves right at your door
and they're baying for your blood
wake up, wake up, it's your move now. take the keys to your kingdom, coz i'll always be the thorn in your crown
i guess it's lonely at the top, when the only way is down

well now you know...

i'm undone, how can i breach the storm
when the closest thing to closure is to wear this crown of thorns
i just hope that in my darkest days, that deep down in your heart
you know we're better off this way

i just hope i can channel these feelings
into something more than just words
they say that time always heals the wounded
but i swear i am blessed by this curse

my past will never define me. my sense of worth will not fall away
never again will i let myself falter never again will i abandon hope

i am grateful for your comfort, and though i struggle with every breath i won't leave you by the wayside, i'll give you all that i have left

i'm undone, how can i breach the storm
when the closest thing to closure is to wear this crown of thorns
i just hope that in my darkest days, that deep down in your heart
you know we're better off this way

i take it back, every word that i said
you can't bury the past when it's already dead
searching for a resolution, mind is clear free from illusion
i am content with who i am

i want you to know that i am humble, i just can't do this anymore
you paved the way for our foundations, i need to carry on alone

just follow the signals, just follow the signs
learn to cope with the guilt that you harbour inside
don't stray from the shadows, don't hide in the dark
there's life left within you, just ignite the spark

i'm so sorry, sorry that i tried

these are my words of wisdom
i pass down from me to you
the road that you are lost on
has but one path to choose
and although your soul lies heavy
it's a weight that you must bear
cause you will carry their loss with you always
but please don't despair

just wait for a sign
and the pain in your heart will die
but i can't lie, no
it never leaves, it never leaves
it just gets easier with time
so just wait for a sign
and the pain in your heart will die
but i can't lie, no
it never leaves, it never leaves
cause we're the ones they leave behind

this is a trial we all must take
to watch a loved one slip away
into the peaceful rest of death
where pain is lifted
so you may ask me "does it get easier than this?"
and all i can say to you is
"take no love for granted and cherish your family
cause the hands of time wait for no one
like they didn't wait for me"

just wait for a sign
and the pain in your heart will die
but i can't lie, no
it never leaves, it never leaves
it just gets easier with time
so just wait for a sign
and the pain in your heart will die
but i can't lie, no
it never leaves, it never leaves
cause we're the ones they leave behind

i'm so sorry that you're hurting
but please take my words as truth
keep your head above the water
and make them proud of you

so just wait for a sign
and the pain in your heart will die
but i can't lie, no
it never leaves, it never leaves
it just gets easier with time
so just wait for a sign
and the pain in your heart will die
but i can't lie, no
it never leaves, it never leaves
cause we're the ones they leave behind

i gotta learn to let go
this darkness, it finds its way through the deepest stretch of night
there's nowhere to hide
in the back of my mind is where i'll reside

we never planned for this to become my only escape, the only way out
i can't do this alone
there's more for me here but this road is long
i'll overcome these feelings but things haven't gone to plan
wipe the slate clean, erase it
i swear to you
now i'll embrace it

is this all in my head?
a deafening voice that leads me to fear
that i will never ever, never ever know
just exactly what it means to be happy
it's so hard to break away
to try and tell myself it's not too late
it's not too late to make a change

if this is the end, then make me a martyr
i'll pave the way for our sons and daughters
so they will never have to face their demons all on their own
no i won't let go
i won't let go
but the mind can be a terrible thing
just don't let it sink in

will i break away, find a new escape?

cause this mindset is eating me up inside
like a cancer pulling me from the light
is this just another apparition?
judging myself on every past decision
this constant noise, it never seems to end
screaming at myself from inside my head

i share my head with another
and it's not welcome here
sometimes at night it keeps me awake
as i stare at the ceiling contemplating my fate
it whispers sweet regrets that i must learn to live with
singing me to sleep with the same sad songs
please tell me there is more to me
 give it up or you'll never stop falling 

so remember just one thing, don't let it sink in

since when did i call misery friend?
forever trapped in-between
a ghost in the mirror and feeling myself again
as if i can't comprehend, is life without meaning
or am i meaningless?

it takes and takes, as it eats away
why must it take from you
why can't it just take from me?
a burden shared, we must face it together
but now the fires gone out, there's no flame to save us...
these thoughts, they never subside
harsh truths, ever growing and growing inside
i swear i've fought, i swear i've truly tried
but all i see above is darkened skies

won't somebody show me...

show me how to move on, show me how to forget
the ache that lives inside my heart
it's been there ever since you left
i need a sense of closure, i just need you to see
that i would give up everything
just to bring you back, bring you back to me
i try to speak up but my words escape me

i'm beginning to think that my demons are heaven sent...
is this the end?

coz the pages of this book are burning
i've made so many mistakes
too many to bury them deep in the past
the weight of these words
may as well be the weight of the world
these worn out sheets speak of the life i lead...

the chapters change, but the stories stay the same
you went with the sunshine, left me with the rain...

solitude, show me the way
you can't call on a saviour
who needs to be saved...

i wish i knew what to say to you to bring you peace of mind
but i am just as lost as you
still trying to find the clarity to see things clearly for what they truly are
no longer will i stand here alone, content to reside in the dark
i will illuminate the path that lies ahead of us
so won't you follow me?
this is who we are
we are children of the fire and we will always burn so bright lead you through the darkest nights
just so you'll know you're never alone

you feel unstable, you feel unsure
can't you see the truth through the lies anymore?
you feel your stomach sink
you feel it in your bones
the voice inside your head beckons from below
and i've seen it, i've been where you are
i can't lead by example but i've come this far

too far to fail, too far to come undone
too far to fail, foo far to fall
i've dwelled so low in the ocean's depths
and parted waves just to wait for the worst to end
but when all's said and done my friend
i guess we'll never learn

yeah just so you know
yeah you're never alone

so here we are, has it come to this?
thrown from the fire straight back to the furnace
i always knew you'd be the harbinger to your self destruction
no more wasting away, i swear this time you're done
i can't stem the flow of bad blood

remember the day you said i don't think i can live without this?
what's broken isn't easily fixed
i threw you a rope but you hung yourself with it
so take a look around, keep running your mouth
i've never claimed to be perfect
mistakes are made but i know my purpose

is there no other way?!

you are the anchor bound to my heart
so try and pull me under, 'cos i will pull you apart
just like a viper, spitting venom with every word you say
but you will never justify your actions to me

i need you to know if you're going through hell, keep going

hold fast, the past is no more than a path
a means to an end, nothing more than a road less travelled
there's such a bitter taste that lingers on my tongue
a taste i can't seem to shake, for fear i'll come undone
and tell the world just what you are

but i'll bury the truth, let your hatred grow
won't be another feast for the crows

you are the anchor bound to my heart
so try and pull me under, 'cos i will pull you apart
just like a viper spitting venom with every word you say
but you will never justify your actions to me
i've seen the stuff of nightmares
i've had my fair share of ghosts
i've felt your shadow rise around the things that mean the most to me
maybe my vision is jaded, but i'm sure in time it will clear
so here's to another bond left broken, i guess i'll give it a year!

all i want is to be remembered, not for what i've done
but 'cos i tried to be better

i fucking called it!
just keep running, running away...

the club isn't the best place to find a lover
so the bar is where i go
me and my friends at the table doing shots
drinking fast and then we talk slow
and you come over and start up a conversation with just me
and trust me i'll give it a chance now
take my hand, stop, put van the man on the jukebox
and then we start to dance, and now i'm singing like

girl, you know i want your love
your love was handmade for somebody like me
come on now, follow my lead
i may be crazy, don't mind me
say, boy, let's not talk too much
grab on my waist and put that body on me
come on now, follow my lead
come, come on now, follow my lead

i'm in love with the shape of you
we push and pull like a magnet do
although my heart is falling too
i'm in love with your body
and last night you were in my room
and now my bedsheets smell like you
every day discovering something brand new
i'm in love with your body
oh-i-oh-i-oh-i-oh-i
i'm in love with your body
oh-i-oh-i-oh-i-oh-i
i'm in love with your body
oh-i-oh-i-oh-i-oh-i
i'm in love with your body
every day discovering something brand new
i'm in love with the shape of you

one week in we let the story begin
we're going out on our first date
you and me are thrifty, so go all you can eat
fill up your bag and i fill up a plate
we talk for hours and hours about the sweet and the sour
and how your family is doing okay
leave and get in a taxi, then kiss in the backseat
tell the driver make the radio play, and i'm singing like

girl, you know i want your love
your love was handmade for somebody like me
come on now, follow my lead
i may be crazy, don't mind me
say, boy, let's not talk too much
grab on my waist and put that body on me
come on now, follow my lead
come, come on now, follow my lead

i'm in love with the shape of you
we push and pull like a magnet do
although my heart is falling too
i'm in love with your body
and last night you were in my room
and now my bedsheets smell like you
every day discovering something brand new
i'm in love with your body
oh-i-oh-i-oh-i-oh-i
i'm in love with your body
oh-i-oh-i-oh-i-oh-i
i'm in love with your body
oh-i-oh-i-oh-i-oh-i
i'm in love with your body
every day discovering something brand new
i'm in love with the shape of you

come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on

i'm in love with the shape of you
we push and pull like a magnet do
although my heart is falling too
i'm in love with your body
last night you were in my room
and now my bedsheets smell like you
every day discovering something brand new
i'm in love with your body
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
i'm in love with your body
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
i'm in love with your body
come on, be my baby, come on
come on, be my baby, come on
i'm in love with your body
every day discovering something brand new
i'm in love with the shape of you

this is a pain, that just cannot be measured
now i'm burning the candle at both ends
it's been so long since i last saw daylight
won't someone give me a sign and lead me out of the dark
i have tried to put on a brave face, leave the past behind me
but it's not so easy, when you've lost everything that used to believe in

am i the solution just part of the friction?

won't someone take me away from here, coz i need you now

and i'll never forget, never forget, never forget the words he said...

sit with me for a little while, and don't be nervous
coz i am not afraid of death...
the light i saw fade from your eyes
now i see the stars in the sky
and i know we'll meet again someday
just keep watching over me...

this is a pain beyond comprehension
endlessly lost in my own isolation
yet you expect me to hold us together it all feels futile

the compass points to north but we are so off course
so head straight for the belly of belly of the beast
cos i've told you before... i am not afraid of death

i greet the reaper with open arms, "come forth my son, for i mean you no harm"

i feel like i never told you, just what you mean to me
they say time will ease the passing, but time is all that i need
to tell you that i'm sorry, that i couldn't be there at the end
i know this is what you wanted, so i'll heed the words you said...

this is a call to the wild lands
so many times you tried to break, break away
but now you're paralysed
bound to the roots that you buried beneath me
i can't believe the clarity, it comes to me
thank you for giving me the gift to see clearly just exactly who you really are
oh how apathy finds me
and i remember that day and the words that you said to me
just remember your worth
you gotta ride out the worst
there is another way to find a way through the hate to find love and appreciate how to embrace the change
for better, for worse, the lesson we've learnt
all have an impact on the way we leave our mark on the world
embrace the hope that spills from your hollow soul
and don't you leave a single word unsaid
just let your voice be your weapon
then they'll never underestimate you again
and on those sleepless nights
that's where you lie awake
i hope you learn to live with the mistakes you've made
this is a call to the wild lands
it's never ending
counting the hours, hours into days
everything we built, it all slips away
this life is parallel and i will stay the course
i just need you to know, you fucking disgust me
at least now i see the light

"don't stray from the path my son, just hold on" my mother said
"before it's too late"
take a piece of me and carry it with you always
coz it's never too late to lead your life out of the hell you've resided in

so far in the distance, i can finally see the light
at the end of this twisting tunnel, burning bright, burning bright
find some comfort, in these words i give to you
your reasons to live are yours to atone
the future is yours but the past is set in stone
yeah, the past is set in stone

a new lease of life it flows right through my blood
sealing all the fractures that have rendered me, rendered me undone
defiance wields it's weary head in my time of need

so i'll take to the high ground and watch the waves wash over everything
and cleanse the ashes of an empire built from the bones of you and me
the bones of you and me
leave the ghosts behind you and pick up the pieces

coz we've got so far to go

so far in the distance, i can finally see the light
at the end of this twisting tunnel, burning bright, burning bright
find some comfort, in these words i give to you
your reasons to live are yours to atone
the future is yours but the past is set in stone

set in stone
and set in stone

so i will follow the water down to the ocean shore
and send my demons out to sea because they've run their course
now i can say goodbye one final time

time... woh-oh-oh woh-oh-oh

so i will follow the water down to the ocean shore
and send my demons out to sea because they've run their course
now i can say goodbye one final time
one final time

just know i love you, and that things will be ok
but that doesn't mean i don't miss you, every single day
this journey we've taken to leave your lasting legacy
now i can finally live in this moment 'cause you're with me in my memories
with me in my memories

is this really it?
is this the end of days?
i fear the worst is yet to come
but to hell with it
yeah, the worst can wait
have i been married to sickness?
oh how i wish for the bliss of ignorance
is my imagination running away from me?
it's all a haze, i just can't think straight
won't somebody tell me
it's not too late to change...
turn back the hands of time
flip back, face facts and rewind
to when you were still so full of life

is there a crack in my reality
cause i refuse to accept this

oh, it's like a tidal wave
tidal wave crashing in to me
could i just find a way
find a way to break the cycle and be finally free
breathe in, breathe out
just disconnect from the sound
breathe in, breathe out
i'd do anything just to drown it out

i hear the whispers on the wind
and they still speak your name
i won't let them pull you into the fade
waaaaaaa
i hear the whispers on the wind
and they still speak your name
i won't let them pull you into the fade

these corridors take an eternity to navigate
but i swear i'm not trying to compensate
for all those times that i should have been there
for you
it's like a tidal wave, tidal wave

oh, it's like a tidal wave
tidal wave crashing in to me
could i just find a way
find a way to break the cycle and be finally free
breathe in, breathe out
just disconnect from the sound
breathe in, breathe out
i'd do anything just to drown it out
oh, it's like a tidal wave
tidal wave
crashing in to me
could i just find a way, find a way
to break the cycle and be finally free
breathe in, breathe out
just disconnect from the sound
breathe in, breathe out
i'd do anything just to drown it out

it's too late to run from the fallout
coz i could never out run
the pace
of life
and even if i tried
to see
that maybe one day i could be
the man that i was born to be
but i'd still need you to guide me

i've tried to comprehend the humility of your actions
before now i saw the good in you, now i see the truth
and it's overwhelming, you can't expect me to just walk away
you said you found remorse, but i still have so much left to say...
my inhibitions won't shield me from this plight...
so carve these words into your skin
and tell yourself it'll be worth it, cause it will never be enough
no it will never be enough...
but rest assured that my intentions have never meant so much to me
given time perhaps you'll see...
i can't turn back the clock
we can't turn back the clock
you must bare these burdens, until the end of time...
for all of my life, people like you have passed me by, but not this time...
i'll tell you to your face, this is who i am
so carve these words into your skin
and tell yourself it'll be worth it, cause it will never be enough
no it will never be enough...
but rest assured that my intentions have never meant so much to me
given time perhaps you'll see
the hope in sincerity...
are we the family of, the ones who've given up
the hope within our homes to exorcise the ones we love?
are we the family of, the ones who've given up? the ones who've given it up...

am i an empty vessel?
just a shadow of myself
cause it feels like i am treading water without a purpose or a direction
i know there has to be more than this
to live a life rather than just exist
you don't know you hope until you've been hopeless
maybe i'm bitter but i know i deserve this

more than you could ever know

don't waste away, start your life today
don't wait for tomorrow
where do we go from here?
we gotta close the distance

cause i won't be held back by my fears
now i'm close to the edge and the last is clearly so
where do we go from here?
we gotta close the distance

we all claim to be the victims of circumstance
when the fact of the matter is this
we're never willing to take the chance
to be more than we deemed ourselves to be

i will forever remain vigilant until the end

when it feels like your head is underwater
and you're gasping for air, remember these words
remember these words
there's someone out there who cares

when it feels like the worst is yet to come
just be headstrong and carry on through the dark ahead

well haven't you heard, it's the end of the world
it's time to stand up and make yourself be counted
well haven't you heard, it's the end of the world
so stand up, stand up for what you believe in

love ends in loss for the ones left behind. and grief is a natural response to losing what we've cherished. but when i stood at the threshold of death, i felt something vast and ungullible. so far beyond my ordinary sense of self. opening to that mystery was humbling. it made me a little wiser and a little more realistic about our precarious human situation. when i pause to remember someone i've lost, grief is right there. but as the 13th century poet rumi says "the wound is the place where the light enters you."

in a world that refuses to open its eyes
will you remain blind
or just bide your time

all i can feel is rage...

am i a puppet
a slave to the strings
a ghost in the shell
cause i no longer feel anything
but an ever-growing urge
for self-destruction and detachment...
this has gone on for too long
i'm breaking out...

searching myself for a new beginning
gasping for air whilst i'm slowly sinking
i've fallen into the void
ground my teeth down to the bone
to abstain from the anger
that i just can't seem to control

and i can feel it burning inside of me
waiting for the tides to be unleashed
i've gotta hold it back
i've gotta channel it in
to a battle against myself
that i fear i will never win
and i can feel it burning inside of me
yeah, i can feel it burn...

you better hold on to something
whilst i try to weather this storm
because we're too far out to see the lighthouse
and there's nothing left to guide us to shore
you better pray for me father, yeah pray for your son
cause i'll admit that i'm afraid, yeah i am afraid...
cause when i look in the mirror all i can see is rage
yeah, all i can see is rage

i fear it's always been here
hidden deep within my soul
is it hardwired into my dna
cause this response is all i know

so let me tell you about
all the bridges i've built
i'm now so ready to burn
i'll light the fires and watch the flames engulf it all
if i could just close my eyes
and finally, put this to bed
but there's a constant inferno inside my head...
so light the fires and watch the flames engulf it all...

and i can feel it burning inside of me
yeah, i can feel it burn...

you better hold on to something
whilst i try to weather this storm
because we're too far out to see the lighthouse
and there's nothing left to guide us to shore
you better pray for me father, yeah pray for your son

cause i'll admit that i'm afraid
but it's time for a change
i don't wanna feel
no, i don't wanna feel rage...
yet all i can feel is rage...

do you want the best of me?
you want it all
well, come and get it...

here i stand, alone, with hate
here i stand, too long, too late
all i know, is you will leave us all
here i stand, alone, to fall

oh my brother, how could you?
now look into the eyes of your fellow man
who stood with you, through it all
and feel nothing in your heart but hate

red stain on the blade
all sense of worth has been washed away
sacrifice was all in vain
where's the sense of guilt? where's the shame?

lost soul in the unmarked grave
we have given a name
black flame
in death we are all the same
remain, black flame
lost soul in the unmarked grave
we have given a name
black flame
in death we are all the same
remain, black flame

here i stand, alone, with hate
here i stand, too long, too late

burn, and let your soul be free
as the flames rise high and your spirit leaves
nightmares have become too real
now the world is screaming and it's hard to hear

red stain on the blade
all sense of worth has been washed away
how could you be so hollow?
now your life is doomed to sorrow

lost soul in the unmarked grave
we have given a name
black flame
in death we are all the same
remain, black flame
lost soul in the unmarked grave
we have given a name
black flame
in death we are all the same
remain, black flame

we are all the same
black flame
we have given a name

lost soul in the unmarked grave
we have given a name
black flame
in death we are all the same
remain, black flame
lost soul in the unmarked grave
we have given a name
black flame
in death we are all the same
remain, black flame

black flame
black flame
black flame
black flame
black flame

complete the circle, watching our world fall
restore the orders, no more than mortal
life eternal, breaking the model
regain your honour, no more than mortal

complete the circle, watching our world fall
restore the orders, no more than mortal
life eternal, breaking the model
regain your honour, no more than mortal

i never wanted it to be like this, i'm still locked inside my head
and now your looking at me like i'm going to save you, but really i'm the only one who's fading

whilst i'm staring at myself in the mirror, i'm just trying to keep my composure
and now the echos of my past are shaded, pushing me towards the point of breaking

false gods are here, they've turned this world to stone
destroy the faith, our souls they'll never own
false idols, their souls encased
false idols, will fall from grace

complete the circle, watching our world fall
restore the orders, no more than mortal
life eternal, breaking the model
regain your honour, no more than mortal

no more heroes, no more saviours
no more gods, just betrayers!
no more heroes, no more saviours
no more gods, just betrayers!
fuck!

there's no heroes, no fucking saviours
no gods, just betrayers!

false gods are here, they've turned this world to stone
destroy the faith, our souls they'll never own
false idols, their souls encased
false idols, will fall from grace

false gods are here, they've turned this world to stone
destroy the faith, our souls they'll never own
false idols, their souls encased
false idols, will fall from grace

there's no heroes, no saviours
no gods, just betrayers!
no heroes, no saviours
no gods, just betrayers!
just betrayers!

sick of hiding the truth, fucking lying to you
no more time left for hope, at the end of your rope
choke
at the end of your rope
choke

no more running, no more hiding from tomorrow
living life without your eyes, hollow
read between the lines
more than meets the eye
a face so pure, he's insecure
he's been running for some time

find me trapped inside my head
i can't find a way to bring myself back
choking on these words unsaid
spit it out, spit it out before i fade out

no more time left for hope, at the end of your rope
choke
at the end of your rope
choke

we are bleeding underneath, i see your shadow
below the surface, i am taken by your sorrow
read between the lines
more than meets the eye
a face so pure, he's insecure
he's been running for some time

find me trapped inside my head
i can't find a way to bring myself back
choking on these words unsaid
spit it out, spit it out before i fade out

eternal ache
a silent grave
eternal

find me trapped inside my head
i can't find a way to bring myself back
choking on these words unsaid
spit it out, spit it out before i fade out

buried in my own head, falling apart
choking on my own tongue, tearing my heart

keep back or remain silent. why?
because we're no less violent
keep back or remain silent. why?
because we're no less violent
are you sure you want to try that
knowing that your life is finite?
a life i spent alone, i'm just skin and bone
how could you not see?
you beg and plead down on your knees
how could you not see?
keep back or remain silent. why?
because we're no less violent
are you sure you want to try that
knowing that your life is finite?
keep back or remain silent. why?
because we're no less violent
are you sure you want to try that
knowing that your life is finite?
fight or be sentenced alone
i can't be the only one, to warn you about what comes next?
i found a way to break the silence
i won't pretend
we've seemed to pay the price in violence
this is the end
you think you know how it ends?
start remembering before it becomes too late, to pray, too far to break, your time is done
a life i spent alone, i'm just skin and bone
how could you not see?
you beg and plead down on your knees
how could you not see?
fight or be sentenced alone
i can't be the only one, to warn you about what comes next?
i found a way to break the silence
i won't pretend
we've seemed to pay the price in violence
this is the end
we have, to break the silence!
it has to end!
you think you know how it ends?
start remembering before it becomes too late, to pray, too far to break, your time is done

all i see is a world of cannibals
i'm not sure that we've been looking for an antidote
how are we locked in this dream?
and where the fuck have you been?
i'm pretty sure that we will die here

i'm not sorry for the things i've done
i swear to god, this path has only just begun
it's blood for blood, it's flesh to stone
i think this time around i'll do it on my own

everyone is waiting for the pieces that we left to fall
we keep waiting for these cannibals

the sky is turning dark, the ice is wearing thin
i feel like ending it here before the void sinks in
we have been living in an endless world of hate
how can you change what you can't fight for?

i'm not sorry for the things i've done
i swear to god this path has only just begun
it's blood for blood, it's flesh to stone
i think this time around i'll do it on my own

everyone is waiting for the pieces that we left to fall
we keep waiting for these cannibals
everyone is waiting for the pieces that we left to fall
we keep waiting, but you're still crawling

we are sick, we are tired
we are born from fire
can we find our way back to the start?

we are sick, we are tired
we are born from fire

i hate to say i hope you burn in hell
no more message to spread, no more stories to tell
i hate to say i hope you burn in hell
no more message to spread, no more stories to tell
no more stories to tell

everyone is waiting for the pieces that we left to fall
we keep waiting for these cannibals

i've seen the light at the end of the walk
these steps lead through the dark
here now i stand, this chance in hand, to be the only one to hold on to, follow you

in the fear i am shrouded
consumed its suffocating me
its only you, that can get us through
is this the only chance to start new?

at the end of it all, once the roof begins to fall, will we then know what we were meant to be? or are we fated to pace the hall?
broken glass at our feet, we are forced to our knees

i've seen the light at the end of the walk
these steps lead through the dark
here now i stand, this chance in hand, to be the only one to hold on to, follow you

it's never ending, theres no escaping it
breathe in, breathe out, and make the memory
its never ending, theres no avoiding it
breathe in, breath out, and make the memory

im not sure if i'm willing or able, to reach the door that so many pray for
a constant battle with the fear of falling
my eyes are open to a world thats calling

i've seen the light at the end of the walk
these steps lead through the dark
here now i stand, this chance in hand, to be the only one to hold on to, follow you

i know it feels like hell, to gain the strength to walk again
here now i stand, this chance in hand, to be the only one to hold on to, follow you

take a step, make the move, ask yourself
what the fuck have you got to lose

i've seen the light at the end of the walk
these steps lead through the dark
here now i stand, this chance in hand, to be the only one to hold on to, follow you

i know it feels like hell, to gain the strength to walk again
here now i stand, this chance in hand, to be the only one to hold on to, follow you

vixi
i have lived a life to defy
from the first time i died
to the last soul alive

i am not afraid
of suffocating slowly, dying lonely
i'm cold and in the shade
i hear words unspoken, time uncertain

i have been longing for an answer
no words to hold

i will lead you to the dust
memories will fade for us
i have said i cannot stay
take this with you to the grey

vixi
i have lived a life to defy
from the first time i died
to the last soul alive
vixi
i have lived a life to defy
from the first time i died
to the last soul alive

i have not been changed
still pacing, moving closer, is it over?
the ghost i still remain
i hear chains in motion, graves left open

i have been longing for an answer
no words to hold

i will lead you to the dust
memories will fade for us
i have said i cannot stay
take this with you to the grey

bury me under the soil deep
i want the rot from my bones to feed the trees
you will honour me as an enemy
let our trial be the bricks of a memory
bury me under the soil deep
i want the rot from my bones to feed the trees
you will honour me as an enemy
let our trial be the bricks of a memory

i will lead you to the dust
memories will fade for us
i have said i cannot stay
take this with you to the grey
i will lead you to the dust
memories will fade for us
i have said i cannot stay
take this with you to the grey

vixi
i have lived a life to defy
from the first time i died
to the last soul alive

in waves, we were born into the reckoning
in death, you will hear it when the tide sings
red sails, set until the very end
blood stains, this is my revenge

will i find the answer, or will i fall at their feet?
this time i'm unable, to rest the anger within me
they gave their lives for a debt that's mine, so i'll give them a life remembered

no surrender, no survivors
this won't make it right but it will end their lives
no surrender, no survivors
this won't make it right but it will end their lives

so hold tight, make way, our final fight is today

in waves, we were born into the reckoning
in death, you will hear it when the tide sings
red sails, set until the very end
blood stains, this is my revenge

blood spilled upon these waves
will bring us closer to the sun

no surrender, no survivors
this won't make it right but it will end their lives
no surrender, no survivors
this won't make it right but it will end their lives

so hold tight, make way, our final fight is today

in waves, we were born into the reckoning
in death, you will hear it when the tide sings
red sails, set until the very end
blood stains, this is my revenge

in waves, we were born into the reckoning
in death, you will hear it when the tide sings

red sails, set until the very end
blood stains, this is my revenge

fear of the sacred
we're blurring lines between the real and the fake here
and so i'll scream, "return to me
return to me, return to me"
fear of the sacred
we're blurring lines between the real and the fake here
and so i'll scream, "return to me
return to me, return to me"

breathe slowly; take shallow breaths
fear will strip you till there's nothing left
we are all the same
seeking comfort in the knowledge that we're insane
fear nothing but your own mind
we drag ourselves through the fires, blind

"free me," said the man on fire
"release me to the higher
finding sanity i know will leave me breathless"
"find me," said the man on fire
"release me to the higher
forever in the dark alone, forgotten"

my vision must be failing
i'm seeing shadows in the dark and all i hear is screaming
is it paranoia that keeps calling me
or the voices of the souls that used to be?
i must find a way to drown out the sound
i must find a way to drown out the sound

"free me," said the man on fire
"release me to the higher
finding sanity i know will leave me breathless"
"find me," said the man on fire
"release me to the higher
forever in the dark alone, forgotten"

set me alight, for i am losing it
set me alight, for i am losing it
set me alight, for i am losing it
set me alight, trapped in my mind

fear of the sacred
we're blurring lines between the real and the fake here
and so i'll scream, "return to me
return to me, return to me"
fear of the sacred
we're blurring lines between the real and the fake here
and so i'll scream, "return to me
return to me, return to me"

we've seen the fall of an empire, with a dismantled throne
send a message to sons of their time, to return home
they think they own us, they think we care
your wealth on earth, will be your cross to bare
they'll stab you in the back, with a knife made of gold
then they'll drain all you have left, and swallow you whole
divide, divide and spread your lies
no spine left in sight
they try and try to infect our lives
divide, divide and spread your lies
no spine left in sight
they try and try to infect our lives
i have seen the way you've played this, its over now
i will hunt you down and break this, don't try to run you won't survive it
i will leave you in the graveyard, to be dead amongst the old guard
cold, as the writing on your tombstone
cold, as the writing on your tombstone
release your hold
i have seen the way you've played this, its over now
i will hunt you down and break this, don't try to run you won't survive it
i will leave you in the graveyard, to be dead amongst the old guard
divide, divide and spread your lies
divide, divide and spread your lies
divide, divide and spread your lies
human parasites

take it, with you to the dark
trace this back so far
it is ending, ending slowly for you
let me take you back, to the place and the time, when everything went black
let me take you there, do you remember how it felt that icy cold stare?
do you honestly believe you're safe, close to the unknown
are you certain you're not running scared from your hell?

he has murderous intent
i am certain of this
it will never be the same
it will never be the same

he has murderous intent
i am certain of this
it will never be, it will never be the same

take it, with you to the dark
trace this back so far
it is ending, ending slowly for you

so how do you feel? if you really do at all
i'm not sure if your ready for the fall
find yourself some shelter, live with your denial
run from it, hide from it and think of it no more

he has murderous intent
i am certain of this
it will never be the same
it will never be the same

he has murderous intent
i am certain of this
it will never be, it will never be the same

for forgiveness, do you feel it too?
this is more than hate, this is murder
this is murder!

he has murderous intent
i am certain of this
it will never be the same
it will never be the same

he has murderous intent
i am certain of this
it will never be

i stand here battered and broken
the ground swallowed me years ago
when i returned, i wasn't recognisable
now i'm wondering, would i be better off below?

will the wires ever uncross? give me the freedom, just enough
to regrow my own skin, but god, i'm good at giving in

broken image, i am fallen
drifting, searching for a name
did i hear them, are they calling?
or am i living with the shame?

it seems i've run as far as i can go
hide the warning signs swiftly as they start to show
breathe in quick, hold your breath
show the world the lie, that you're really not sick
the veil has fallen, now you're suffering for it

will the wires ever uncross? give me the freedom, just enough
to regrow my own skin, but god, i'm good at giving in

broken image, i am fallen
drifting, searching for a name
did i hear them, are they calling?
or am i living with the shame?

broken image, i am fallen
drifting, searching for a name
did i hear them, are they calling?
or am i living with the shame? am i living with the shame?
broken image, i am fallen
or am i living with the shame?

rest in peace my friend, know that this is not the end
as we say goodbye to you i hope to god you knew
this pain won't mend
follow my voice, into the dark
i promise, i hear, the voice i once knew
follow my voice, into the dark
i promise, i hear, the voice i once knew
shadow i see you, you've got a face i recognise
now i'm questioning myself, as to whether all i've seen here is real, or is it a lie?
i'm fine, i swear i'm fine, i'll walk the line, now that i've seen you rise
silence, this is all we'll know
i've seen a version of how it has to go
silence, you're not alone
into the light, unknown
rest in peace my friend, know that this is not the end
as we say goodbye to you i hope to god you knew
this pain won't mend
silent, you are not alone
be strong, into the light unknown
silent, you are not alone
be strong, into the light unknown
silence, this is all we'll know
i've seen a version of how it has to go
silence, you're not alone
into the light, unknown
you've the lost will, it's over now
how can we live through this hell?
you've the lost will, it's over now
how can we live through this hell?
so let your spirit rise, surrounded in light
and even though your body will die
in our minds you're always alive
so let your spirit rise, surrounded in light
and even though your body will die
in our minds you're always alive
so let your spirit rise, surrounded in light
and even though your body will die
in our minds you're always alive.

suffering is who we are
bred to pain and born from war
we worship gods and machines
no man to rule, land obscene
this is who we are
born from pain and war
we see gods and machines
this is not what is seems

my child, you're here to believe
when all you've learnt so far is how to fear
holy is a construct you see
made by the power to fool and deceive
blaspheme and maim, i was an angel the same
worth is determined by lives i have changed
how can i receive or redeem
when i've been chasing demons much bigger than me?

now, your time has come, my friend
you will not depend, full of this regret
now, they're here for you again
this will be the end, we are lost to death

this is who we are
born from pain and war
we see gods and machines
this is not what it seems

what if i told you there could be a way?
we could change this whole world in a day
relinquish faith, return the machine
free your mind again to dream
attached to wires, we can't see
switch the power, rescue me
given a chance is all we ask
reset the future, destroy the past

now, your time has come, my friend
you will not depend, full of this regret
now, they're here for you again
this will be the end, we are lost to death

unholy, unloved
raised in the world, baptised in blood
unholy, unloved
raised in the world, baptised in blood
return to us, escape the flood
in a world baptised in blood
return to us, escape the flood
destroy machines, fear no god

now, your time has come, my friend
you will not depend, full of this regret
now, they're here for you again
this will be the end, we are lost to death

we are lost to death
we are lost to death
we are lost to death

please return to us, restart the fire inside
i remember clear as day, when the spark left your eyes
do you feel alive? our life to prove, one chance defined
side by side, we walked, no fear of time
find strength, our roads collide
find strength, our roads collide
do you feel alive, our life to prove, one chance defined
side by side, we walked, no fear of time
take hold, its flowing through your senses
can you feel it, the rush it gives?
let go, discover what you're here for
we feel it, adrenaline
run, let the blood flow
make the veins show and hold onto your nerve
in their face you'll need the right words
let the blood flow, this will make your heart stop
this is where your heart stops
take hold, its flowing through your senses
can you feel it, the rush it gives?
let go, discover what you're here for
we feel it, adrenaline
please return to us, restart the fire inside
i remember clear as day, when the spark left your eyes
do you feel alive? our life to prove, one chance defined
side by side, we walked, no fear of time
this is where your heart stops

do you remember a time
when we looked to the stars at night?
do you remember a life
free from the poison, free from the lies?
look beyond all your surroundings
look beyond all that you know
this could be the end of us, how far can our future glow?

to live to feel the earth in motion
i can see there's much hope in changing this world
but no one is listening
we've been living our lives so long in denial
like whispers to the wind
earthbound!
we are shackled to the same ground
our hope! one chance!
earthbound!
we are shackled to the same ground
our hope! one chance!

this is deforming our future
and don't think i'm ready to lose yet
we must be better than we've ever shown
for your resolution
you should stand as you must
to bring life into a dying sun

to live to feel the earth in motion
i can see there's much hope in changing this world
but no one is listening
we've been living our lives so long in denial
like whispers to the wind

we were given one chance to make this world our own
we were given one chance to make this world our own
to let this become desolation of all we know
desolation of our own

to live to feel the earth in motion
is all i need
i can see there's much hope in changing this world
but no one is listening
we've been living our lives so long in denial
like whispers to the wind
earthbound!
we are shackled to the same ground
our hope! one chance!
earthbound!
we are shackled to the same ground
our hope! one chance!

i've never seen myself before
spending all my time in promised lands
our home, the only place i've ever known
i'm not alone
lionheart, you are the one who had my back from the start
lionheart, you are the one who had my back from the start
the very start, lionheart

over and over and this is how it ends
time after time, my passion never ends
this is where we came from and this is were we met
faces remembered we'll never forget
over and over and this is how it ends
time after time, my passion never ends
this is where we came from and this is were we met
faces remembered we'll never forget

now is our chance to make a stand
this is the era of the common man
burn us alive with the fire that's in our eyes
burn us alive, our bodies end where our souls survive

over and over and this is how it ends
time after time, my passion never ends
this is where we came from and this is were we met
faces remembered we'll never forget
over and over and this is how it ends
time after time, my passion never ends
this is where we came from and this is were we met
faces remembered we'll never forget

over and over
time after time
this is how it ends

over and over and this is how it ends
time after time, my passion never ends
this is where we came from and this is were we met
faces remembered we'll never forget
over and over and this is how it ends
time after time, my passion never ends
this is where we came from and this is were we met
faces remembered we'll never forget

imposter, you have always been the first to say
that i am worthless in every single way
i have been tired for so long now
how can i drown out the sound?

two's a crowd, a voice so loud
when there's no one around, pushing me down
two's a crowd, a voice so loud
when there's no one around, i hear the sound

hear the sound
to be living on the limit of every single minute
i am on the ground
feeling shrouded by the image, struggling to see it
please, imposter, can't you tell
that i'm spinning in this hell?
constant moments i can see
cutting tears inside of me

how do you ever expect me to be
closer when you have the key?
relinquish the hold you have over me
you make it hard to believe

two's a crowd, a voice so loud
when there's no one around, pushing me down
two's a crowd, a voice so loud
when there's no one around, i hear the sound

hear the sound
to be living on the limit of every single minute
i am on the ground
feeling shrouded by the image, struggling to see it
please, imposter, can't you tell
that i'm spinning in this hell?
constant moments i can see
cutting tears inside of me

i have spent months, maybe years
listening to what you've said
i stand here now, face to face again
cut off my head
cut off my head
i have spent months, maybe years
listening to what you've said
i stand here now, face to face again
cut off my head

hear the sound
to be living on the limit of every single minute
i am on the ground
feeling shrouded by the image, struggling to see it 
yeah
please, imposter, can't you tell
that i'm spinning in this hell?
constant moments i can see
cutting tears inside of me

this is where the industry falls
blow it up, blow it up, blow it up
tear it down, tear it down, tear it down
it's time to rip apart the walls around your fortress
this isn't bitterness, this is our legacy
you could never be a part of anything real
you lie to sell and teach to steal
for all those whose only aim
is destruction in search of selfish gain

i know that you will never learn
fuck you for thinking i've been burned
we are the broken
but the fearless ones

you are nothing, you are worthless
don't act like you've earned this
we will expose and let the truth be known
301!
tell me where you came from
we are sick to death of hearing it
301!
tell me where you came from
we are sick to death of hearing it
for all those whose only aim
is destruction in search of selfish gain

i know that you will never learn
fuck you for thinking i've been burned
we are the broken
but the fearless ones

tell me where you've been and what you've done
and how you're better then everyone
now you're perfect 'just because'
but to most you're a worthless cunt
no one fucking asked you, no one truly cares
behind my back is your safest bet
save us all your worthless threats
no one fucking asked you, did i say i care?
i know you're not the only judge
301
tell me where you came from

i know that you will never learn
fuck you for thinking i've been burned
we are the broken
but the fearless ones
i know that you will never learn
fuck you for thinking i've been burned
we are the broken
but the fearless ones

follow the light down the tunnel
just know, i'll be waiting
i'll be waiting for you
follow the light down the tunnel
just know, i'll be waiting
i'll be waiting for you

learn to forget is what they tell me to
destroy the past and start new
i'd rather fade away than be dreaming awake
have you ever laid on your back at night?
stared into darkened corners and seen the faces of the dead alive?
apparitions of a tormented mind

let the light take my soul, i'm ready to let go
lower my body below, beyond the sky is home

follow the light down the tunnel
just know, i'll be waiting
i'll be waiting for you
when they take me, i will be happy
and when they take me, i will be happy
i won't fear the touch of death
to see you standing next to me

let the light take my soul, i'm ready to let go
lower my body below, beyond the sky is home
let the light take my soul, i'm ready to let go
lower my body below, beyond the sky is home
a memory is not enough!

when the light of day fades my soul will drift away
and i'll promise you, i'll meet you at the gates

dear world
i found home on your horizon
resting safely
along your shores
i had it all
my shelter on your island
never knowing
or asking for more
do you ever wonder what we could have been?
every gift you give, gone with the wind
we wore away the bond before it could begin
two halves of a soul
two hearts in the dark
i held the match and you held the spark
two halves of a soul
two hearts in the dark
so close yet so far apart
i was the bow
and you were the arrow
straight through the heart
broken apart
beneath bone and marrow
i was the air
and you were the fire
we danced in the flames
til nothing remains
our moment expired
why do we destroy one another
if there was a time we understood each other?
you know i gave you all i could
it was never enough
you've broken this trust
and left me to rust
like i knew you would
two halves of a soul
two hearts in the dark
i held the match and you held the spark
two halves of a soul
two hearts in the dark
so close yet so far apart
i was the bow
and you were the arrow
straight through the heart
broken apart
beneath bone and marrow
i was the air
and you were the fire
we danced in the flames
til nothing remains
our moment expired
don't let our past turn to dust
the best memories will remember us
i'm sorry that i let you down
don't let our past turn to dust
the best memories will remember us
i needed to let you know i wouldn't let you go
i was the bow
and you were the arrow
straight through the heart
broken apart
beneath bone and marrow
i was the air
and you were the fire
we danced in the flames
til nothing remains
our moment expired

we're taking on water
how long do you think we'll last
before we have to abandon ship?
i see the end and it's coming fast
we started this war
so why are we surprised that the earth fought back?
thunder cracks like a broken back
close your eyes, brace for the impact
brace for the impact
all we want is safe passage
but you can't set sail when the sails are damaged
i can't stand it

who's steering the ship?
we just drift in the eye of the storm
who's steering the ship?
don't let it slip
resist! resist!

we've torn apart this precious ark as fuel for the fire
a charred and blackened future sold to the highest buyer
all we want is safe passage
but you can't set sail when the sails are damaged
i can't stand it

who's steering the ship?
we just drift in the eye of the storm
who's steering the ship?
don't let it slip
resist! resist!

pull me up from the undertow
follow the sun, let the wind fill our sails
pull me up from the undertow
chart a new course, and the ark will prevail

who's steering the ship?
we just drift in the eye of the storm
who's steering the ship?
don't let it slip
resist! resist!

watch the stars shine through a telescope lost in time
the silver moon light will carry me through the night
for years i've carved the coastline
never knowing where i belong
drifting away falling into the fray
where did i go wrong?

what is your frequency? somebody save me
i'm begging please don't shut me out
i need you desperately why can't you hear me?
listen in before i drop out

hear the rainfall in the lullaby of the tide
the lightning storm calls in the valleys of the great divide
this lonely heart has no home
where is the help i can hold onto?
sinking below i continue to roam
always in search of you

what is your frequency? somebody save me
i'm begging please don't shut me out
i need you desperately why can't you hear me?
listen in before i drop out

some day, i will find you
trust me i know
we are all lost souls
searching for connection
put the pain behind you
resurface, find purpose
recognize the strength in your own reflection

what is your frequency? what is your frequency?
what is your frequency? somebody save me
i'm begging please don't shut me out
i need you desperately why can't you hear me?
listen in before i drop out

we began as the earthwalkers shaping a dream shaping a dream
we were the bright sparks of a newborn flame
born among seven billion
we were the hope interwoven in the web of life
power always moves in circles
infinite beyond all sense of time sense of time
this is the force that binds
earthwalkers, we journey on

we give everything, everything just to feel alive 
just to feel alive
we're following the signs that light the way light the way
we keep dreaming, this feeling there's no need to hide
we just keep following the signs 
following the signs

now with one dream and many years on
we are the embers that never fade away
power always moves in circles
fathomless, passionate
won't you dream with us now?
won't you dream with us now?
earthwalkers, we journey on

we give everything, everything just to feel alive 
just to feel alive
we're following the signs that light the way light the way
we keep dreaming, this feeling there's no need to hide
we just keep following the signs 
following the signs

here we are counting the years
as they go past it becomes even more clear
that with the life of a thousand and the strength of a mountain
earthwalkers will never die

light the way
we keep dreaming, this feeling there's no need to hide
we just keep following the signs
we give everything, everything just to feel alive 
just to feel alive
we're following the signs that light the way light the way
we keep dreaming, this feeling there's no need to hide
we just keep following the signs 
following the signs

i am the king of my own kingdom
the only population is number one
i hold the key to my own freedom
but there are many miles to go
down the open road

far from the home, i was born to roam
lost at last, i have set no path
i am what i create, my past evaporates
leaving this life, i will say goodbye

so long; i won't stay where i don't belong don't belong
the higher i climb, the more i leave behind
so let go; the hardest part is holding on holding on
but the higher you climb, the brighter you shine

follow my lead
find your own domain
out in the wilderness
you create your name
there's no wrong turns, only different ways
but there are many miles to go
down the open road

far from the home, i was born to roam
lost at last, i have set no path
my vivid dreams take flight, into the clearest night
leaving this life, i will say goodbye

so long; i won't stay where i don't belong don't belong
the higher i climb, the more i leave behind leave behind
so let go; the hardest part is holding on holding on
but the higher you climb, the brighter you shine

i am the king of my own kingdom
i hold the key to my own freedom

liberate me!
liberate me!

i am the king of my own kingdom
liberate me
i hold the key to my own freedom
liberate me

walk with me
i'll show you a vision of a world caught in-between
the future has a face you wish you hadn't seen
broken limbs and skeletons
crawling through the endless mud
desperate children deserted and unloved
under the pressing of my thumbs
something wicked this way comes
with a hand in two worlds, you had a heart in none

it's time to make way for the new generation
so sick of watching the world's demise
go fuck your doomsday, scream it at the sky
this is a call to arms, let me hear your warcry

i'll lead you to a wasteland riddled with disease
this epidemic reeks of death
cold blood and burning flesh
choking on the words of conviction
hanging in the halls of extinction
will this be your prophecy?
under the pressing of my thumbs
something wicked this way comes
with a hand in two worlds, you had a heart in none

it's time to make way, for the new generation
so sick of watching the world's demise
go fuck your doomsday, scream it at the sky
this is a call to arms, let me hear your warcry

it's time to make way
let me hear your warcry
go fuck your doomsday

fuck your doomsday!

it's time to make way, for the new generation
so sick of watching the world's demise
go fuck your doomsday, scream it at the sky
this is a call to arms, let me hear your warcry

it's time to make way
let me hear your warcry
go fuck your doomsday
let me hear your warcry

she was ready to leave home
her journey planned out for so long
and in a moment it was all taken away

it tears at her skin
it pulls out her hair
it seems sometimes life just isn't fair

i know, i know nothing is forever
when you go, when you go
what will you treasure?
these days are passing by
like clouds in the summer sky
hold close what you love in life

like whispers of winter
she faced the last of her days
why doesn't fortune ever favour the brave?

tears stream down her face like pouring rain
we saw her bloom like a wildflower

i know, i know nothing is forever
when you go, when you go
what will you treasure?
these days are passing by
like clouds in the summer sky
hold close what you love in life

these are words you'll never read
and i'm a voice you'll never hear

i know you fly free, and you haven't left me
you're always with me
relieving all the pain
you shed away your shell but not in vain not in vain
love is the only answer
with joy and laughter, forever after forever after
i miss you wildflower

crawling under a calloused sun
i fear the ghost you could become
so i called upon the clouds
raindrops dance as they hit the ground

higher than the vultures fly
deeper than the blue in the desert sky
the oasis in the sands
bringing life to the barren lands

we are waterborne
we are waterborne

you were my, you were my lifeline
the blood that runs in my veins
without you, everything fades away
you were my, you were my lifeline
the blood that runs in my veins
without you, everything fades away

the river now changes course
timeless reflections of life distort
a generation caught upstream
i don't need you
but you need me

higher than the vultures fly
deeper than the blue in the desert sky
the oasis in the sands
bringing life to the barren lands

we are waterborne
we are waterborne

you were my, you were my lifeline
the blood that runs in my veins
without you, everything fades away
you were my, you were my lifeline
the blood that runs in my veins
without you, everything fades away

nowhere to go when the well runs dry?
nowhere to run when the waters rise
unstoppable force
nowhere to go when the well runs dry?
nowhere to run when the waters rise

you were my, you were my lifeline
the blood that runs in my veins
without you, everything fades away
you were my, you were my lifeline
the blood that runs in my veins
without you, everything fades away

and the parents explain to me
"well i let my teenager listen to rock music
because that's all he listen to"
let me tell you something
lyrics to real rock music is nothing more than satanic cyanide

living in an underworld
down underdogs and thunder gods
are waiting for the night's return
digging up the cursed words from open graves
where no one prays
giving up our souls to burn

are you afraid of what you don't know?
or are you just losing control?
there's a mess in the message
while holding mass in the wreckage
hellbringer

turn it up
it's so infuriating, this is no place for hate
look at all the souls you're breaking
imprisoned, escape
pray tell, maybe heaven's in hell
is the one you worship just yourself?
hallelujah! how can you go back?

they curse "the devil's music" and say we murder to it
they pray for those who can't be saved
if waking words are treason and mother earth a demon
then i'm a fucking sinner
so go ahead and pull the trigger
hellbringer

who's dancing with the devil now?
who's the devil now?
hellbringer!

are you afraid of what you don't know?
or are you just losing control?
there's a mess in the message
while holding mass in the wreckage
are you afraid of what you don't know?
afraid of what you don't know
or are you just losing control?
losing control
there's a mess in the message
the message
while holding mass in the wreckage

living in an underworld
down underdogs and thunder gods
are waiting for the night's return
digging up the cursed words from open graves
where no one prays
giving up our souls to burn

take me to the water
by the river's edge you'll see i could be the man; no man could ever be
wandering beyond the mountains. seven eagles guiding me
far away from all the static, i've never felt so free

in the great unknown i surrender
in the great unknown i remember
no matter what we go through
this heart will always hold you

move into the flow. let it all go
shed the dead weight of your shadow
be the light that you've always known
move into the flow. let it all go
when you find yourself, you are not alone
you are not alone

our souls are now connected
they dance in secrecy
you are the one, no one could ever be
float along the warmest waters
where the stars shoot over me
in the present, there is magic
our hearts in harmony

in the great unknown i surrender
in the great unknown i remember
no matter what we go through
this heart will always hold you
this heart will always hold you

move into the flow. let it all go
shed the dead weight of your shadow
be the light that you've always known
move into the flow. let it all go
when you find yourself, you are not alone
you are not alone

run with the rivers
break with the sea
now is the youngest that we'll ever be
life is a flash in the blink of an eye
don't live your life like you're waiting to die
run with the rivers
break with the sea
now is the youngest that we'll ever be
life is a flash in the blink of an eye
don't live your life like you're waiting to die

i have felt both sides of a double edged blade, in the forge where i was crowned
everyone thought i was standing tall but i was crawling on the ground
i created a mask to deny and deceive
and i built this prison for the demons that are trapped in me
vapours of foul bats vow to consume me
noises of old rats set to gnaw through me
blinded by their shadows, and deafened by their screams
the dead of night wages war inside of me

darkness is only the space between the light
this pain only remains if you don't face the fight

i will overthrow all the negativity
break through the walls that hold you down
overthrow all that is consuming me
face your fears they don't control you now

there's a beast born in every man when lead leaves the chamber from the weapon in hand
all the rage is boiling in your blood
if you pray for the rain, you have to deal with the flood
waves of my regret vow to consume me
i'll never forget the pain that ran through me
wade through the wreckage and learn to reject it
i'm the survivor, no longer infected

darkness is only the space between the light
this pain only remains if you don't face the fight

i will overthrow all the negativity
break through the walls that hold you down
overthrow all that is consuming me
face your fears they don't control you now

trapped in despair
a cycle going nowhere
end this nightmare, it no longer serves you
break through the walls that hold you

overthrow all the negativity
break through the walls that hold you down
overthrow all that is consuming me
face your fears they don't control you now
break through the walls that hold you down
overthrow all that is consuming me
face your fears they don't control you now
they don't control you now

it's dying from the inside
it's a wildfire lullaby
it's the final kiss goodnight
it's a worldwide suicide

worldwide suicide
worldwide suicide

break

it's dying from the inside
it's a wildfire lullaby
it's the final kiss goodnight
it's a worldwide suicide

worldwide suicide
it's a worldwide suicide

shooting dice with your fucking life
snake eyes coming back to bite
cashing out in the afterlife
what remains of a parasite

it's a worldwide
it's a worldwide
suicide

searching for guidance on an altar of dreams
laying before death and torn at the seams
the stiching of scars
the knitting of bones, bound by the healers, the holder of thrones

we're facing demons in the dark
i feel them under my skin, i feel their hatred within
this vision's tearing at the heart
despite the pain that i'm in, new life begins

all we need is to live and forgive everyone
everything that holds us back
no hate, no fear of anyone
all we need is to heal and reveal everyone
everything that helps us grow
no hate, no fear of anything
retrieve my soul

within, without, i know what it's about
above and below, will you ever fucking know?
within, without, i know what it's about
above and below, will you ever fucking know?

i was praying for life at the depths of my soul
i surrendered the ego, returned with control
everything is as it should be
all that is and ever will be
the vision is clear

we're facing demons in the dark
i feel them under my skin, i feel their hatred within
this vision's tearing at the heart
despite the pain that i'm in, new life begins

no hate, no fear
no hate, no fear
no hate, no fear of anyone

all we need is to live and forgive everyone
everything that holds us back
no hate, no fear of anyone
all we need is to heal and reveal everyone
everything that helps us grow
no hate, no fear of anything

within, without, i know what it's about
above and below, will you ever fucking know?
within, without, i know what it's about
above and below
retrieve my soul
back from the dead

breathe
and feel the air in your lungs
breathe
and see how far that you've come
even when our worlds collide
just breathe in one more time

step into this world
and see through my eyes
you'll find that there is a love
behind disguise
in this heart space
i feel perpetual grace
and through time
we will both survive

i can feel her taking me back
taking me back
i can hear her calling me home
calling me home
mother nature suspended in time
we are one
we are divine

living in a dream we can't control

breathe
and feel the air in your lungs
breathe
and see how far that you've come
even when our worlds collide
just breathe in one more time

when doubtful feelings
flood into my mind
i remember i'm here and i'm alive
it is human to feel
it is love that will heal
even through the darkest of days

i can feel her taking me back
i can hear her calling me home
mother nature suspended in time
we are one
we are divine

living in a dream we can't control
living in a dream of reality

we are divine
we are divine

breathe
and feel the air in your lungs
breathe
and see how far that you've come
even when our worlds collide
just breathe in one more time
breathe
and feel the air in your lungs
breathe
and see how far that you've come
even when our worlds collide
just breathe

this is serenity
living in a dream we can't control
living in a dream, we are alive

bring me back down
bring me back down
bring me back down
and save me from this hell
burn

so are you listening?
'cause i've got something to say
about every single person that got caught it in the fray
i'm wearing a brave face, but it's getting harder to take the blame
falsely accused, battered and bruised
the consequences of a power misused
i'm dying to move on but everything's going up in flames

if only i could save you
winds of change that re-arrange bring me back to life
now i'm letting go, the world i know, held me to the knife
i need gravity
to bring me back down, bring me back down
i need gravity
so bring me back down and save me from this hell

so back up back up
listen and learn
those twisted dark days must never return
i'm trying to scream out but its getting harder to breathe the air
why don't you step up, step up
to the funeral pyre is the face that you will see really worthy of fire
i'm holding my hand out but there's no one fucking there

if only i could save you
winds of change that re-arrange bring me back to life
now i'm letting go, the world i know, held me to the knife
i need gravity
to bring me back down, bring me back down
i need gravity
so bring me back down and save me from this hell

you walk through fire but you never learn
one step past the point of no return
you walk through fire but you never learn
one step past the point of no return
you walk through fire but you never learn
you're one step past the point of no return
you walk through fire but you never learn
i'm the son of a witch you failed to burn
i'm the son of a witch you failed to burn

if only i could save you
winds of change that re-arrange bring me back to life
now i'm letting go, the world i know, held me to the knife
i need gravity
to bring me back down, bring me back down
i need gravity
so bring me back down and save me from this hell
save me from this hell

we're dancing on top of the world
looking down on places
that cease to exist
we need a reason to turn our backs
forced to create steel towers of death
we're fearless on the edge of the earth
giving all these people
a chance to persist
we need a reason to turn our backs
building a future with so many cracks
remember where you first called home
reclaim the life of the skydancer
restore what you called your own
return where you run wild and free
remember where you first called home
you're never gonna see it
till you're dancing on top of the world
restore what you called your own
return where you run wild and free
there's dying in the streets
the hungry cannot eat
the rich feed the genocide
every angle
bound by the concrete jungle
unconscious
can we afford to live this way?
abandoned and forsaken
is this the path that we've taken?
abandoned and forsaken
we must arise and awaken
remember where you first called home
where you first called home
restore what you called your own
return
remember where you first called home
reclaim the life of the skydancer
restore what you called your own
return where you run wild and free
remember where you first called home
you're never gonna see it
till you're dancing on top of the world
restore what you called your own
return where you run wild and free
remember where you first called home
you're never gonna see it
till you're dancing on top of the world
restore what you called your own
return return
we're dancing on top of the world
looking down on places
that cease to exist
we need a reason to turn our backs
forced to create steel towers of death
we're fearless on the edge of the earth
giving all these people
a chance to persist
we need a reason to turn our backs
building a future with so many cracks

one life to live to pay your daily fee
the labor for your love weighted with hours that never cease
they will tell you that you'll never make it
corruption lies within, never bow to forty thousand feet
we will survive
this is the only way we will make it out alive
we will survive
unless you persevere you'll be left to rot behind

two deaths to die, everything is closing in
still pushing forward now
you're standing on the edge
they still tell you that you'll never make it
the avaricious won't amend, you will be carried safely in the end
we will survive
this is the only way we will make it out alive
we will survive
unless you persevere you'll be left to rot behind
the slaving wager leads men to more than war
killing frenzy
motherfucking bounce
this is my survival
we will survive
we will survive

have you seen the traveller?
he moves with the night and day
with no items of value he finds fortune in being free
i remember when i use to think that i was moving faster, but the whole world moves under me
our lives were closely interwoven then, but they unravel with such urgency
you can't help this feeling inside
you belong to no one, as long as your heart can breathe
you belong to no where, as long as you roam free
all you need are the clothes on your back, with your health and your heart intact
a life full of duty is a life that's full of endless strain
i remember when i use to think that i was moving faster, but the whole world moves under me
our lives were closely interwoven then, but they unravel with such urgency
you can't help this feeling inside
the road will never swallow you, so live your life on your own two feet
the road will never swallow your sunrise
now i can see what lies ahead and i can feel the wind in my hair
i know the road will never swallow me
i'll live my life on my own two feet, the road will never swallow my sunrise

walking through the badlands
i watch the tyrants scar the red sands
their greed is like morphine
drilling into the veins with machines
the purest for of evil that i've ever seen

who are you to destroy this ancient land?
how dare you disrespect what you don't understand
we will rise up
we will take it back
you are called out
this is where we make our stand

we're tearing down the walls
we are the outlaws, we are the outlaws
your kingdom was built to fall
and now we're coming for you all

riding through the canyons
i am the outlaw left abandoned
fingerprints of future lives
footprints of homes left behind
self-destruction is the greatest failure of mankind

who are you to destroy this ancient land
how dare you disrespect what you don't understand
we will rise up, we will take it back
you are called out
we will make our stand

don't let this world go
we'll never make it on our own
don't let this world go
the only home we've ever known

we're tearing down the walls
we are the outlaws, we are the outlaws
your kingdom was built to fall
and now we're coming for you all

so here we stand back to back at crossroads
our guns drawn now
it's time to reap what you've sowed
bronze, silver and gold
now lead is all that you're owed
with your last ten steps
you'll suffer six feet below

